{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Narrow;}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvantGarde;}{\f18\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ITC Bookman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Light;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Black;}{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f22\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino;}
{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfChancery;}{\f24\fdecor\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfDingbats;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Marlett;}
{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609040504020204}Lucida Console;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504020204}Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02050604050505020204}Bookman Old Style;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}MS Outlook;}{\f31\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040602050305030304}Book Antiqua;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}
{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0706040902060204}Haettenschweiler;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f37\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho;}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0306030101010103}Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040603050505030304}Calisto MT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0705020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0507020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020202020204}Century Gothic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0806030902050204}Impact;}
{\f44\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010101010101}Lucida Handwriting;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504090204}Lucida Sans;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0504020203020204}News Gothic MT;}
{\f47\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02010509020102010303}OCR A Extended;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f60\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f142\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f205\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f206\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}
{\f208\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f211\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode CE;}{\f212\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Cyr;}
{\f214\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Greek;}{\f215\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Tur;}{\f217\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}
{\f220\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}
{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f228\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f241\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}
{\f265\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f266\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f268\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f269\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f270\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}
{\f307\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f310\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f312\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title F - FEQ}
{\author Nino Bilic}{\operator Ergon Copeland}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min2}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min2}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords52734}{\nofchars300585}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws369139}{\vern71}}\margl1080\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale45\viewzk1\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul F - FEQ
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 F:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Form.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 F:}{\f0  (in some grading systems) a grade or mark that indicates academic work of the lowest quality; failure. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fabian:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  elusive, hard to hit, refusing direct engagement with an enemy. From the name of a Roman general, Quintus Fabius Maximus (died 203 b.c.) who successfully employed such tactics. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 67}{
\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fabian Group: }{\f0\cf1 the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Fabian Society; }{\f0\cf1 an English socialist society founded in 1883 - 1884 with the object of \ldblquote reconstructing society in accordance with the highest moral possibilities.\rdblquote 
 They named themselves after the Roman consul (one of the two chief magistrates of the ancient Roman republic) Fabius, known as \ldblquote the delayer\rdblquote 
 because of his cautiousness in war. This was based on the idea that it would take a long time to decide how to reconstruct society. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fabian Society:}{\f0\cf1  an English socialist society founded in 1883 - 1884 with the object of \ldblquote reconstructing society in accordance with the highest moral possibilities.\rdblquote 
 They named themselves after the Roman consul (one of the two chief magistrates of the ancient Roman republic) Fabius, known as \ldblquote the delayer\rdblquote  because of 
his cautiousness in war. This was based on the idea that it would take a long time to decide how to reconstruct society. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fabian Society: }{\f0\cf1 an English socialist society founded in 1883 - 1884 with the object of \ldblquote reconstructing society in accordance with the highest moral possibilities.\rdblquote 
 They named themselves after the Roman consul (one of the two chief magistrates of the ancient Roman republic) Fabius, known as \ldblquote the delayer\rdblquote  because of his cautiousness in war
. This was based on the idea that it would take a long time to decide how to reconstruct society. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fable: }{\f0\cf1 an untruth, falsehood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fables:}{\f0\cf1  short tales to teach a moral lesson, often with animals or inanimate objects as characters. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fabric:}{\f0\cf1  framework or basic structure of anything. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fabulously:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  very good; wonderfully. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization and Ethics}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facade:}{\f0\cf1  a superficial appearance or illusion of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faced up:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  met boldly; faced with courage; confronted. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Government and Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faced up:}{\f0\cf1  met boldly; faced with courage; confronted. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 face, falling on its: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial) }{\f0\cf1 failing to be successful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 face, fall on his: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial) }{\f0\cf1 fail to be successful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 face, fall on (one's): }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial) }{\f0\cf1 fail to be successful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 face, lose:}{\f0\cf1  lose the respect or good opinion that others have of one; be made humble. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 face, save (one's):}{\f0\cf1  save (one's) good reputation, popularity or dignity when something has happened or may happen to hurt (one); hide something that may cause (one) shame. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Appr
oved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facet:}{\f0\cf1  any of a number of sides or aspects, as of a personality. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facetious:}{\f0\cf1  joking or trying to be jocular, especially at an inappropriate time. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facetiously: }{\f0\cf1 in a manner not meant to be taken seriously or literally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facets:}{\f0\cf1  distinct parts; phases; aspects. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 face up to:}{\f0\cf1  meet courageously; confront. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facile: }{\f0\cf1 able to move, act, work, proceed, etc., with ease. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facile:}{\f0\cf1 *** acting, working or done easily, or in a quick, smooth way; fluent; ready. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facile:}{\f0\cf1  acting, working or done easily, or in a quick, smooth way; fluent; ready. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facilities:}{\f0\cf1  something that makes an action easy; aid; convenience. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facilities:}{\f0\cf1 *** things designed, built, installed, etc., to serve a specific function affording a convenience or service. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facility:}{\f0\cf1  a ready ability; skill; dexterity; fluency. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fac One:}{\f0\cf1  an incident known as Facsimile One, or the \ldblquote coffee grinder,\rdblquote 
 involving the use of a machine which loosely resembled a camera (boxlike, two-handled, with an exit hole for blasts in front and a peekhole in back) to administer a push
-pull force beam to the body. This was used by an invader force to tame the population. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fac One:}{\f0\cf1  an incident known as Facsimile One, or the \ldblquote coffee grinder,\rdblquote 
 involving the use of a machine which loosely resembled a camera (boxlike, two-handled, with an exit hole for blasts in front and a peek hole in back) to administer a push-pull force beam to the
 body. This was used by an invader force to tame the population. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fac One:}{\f0\cf1  an incident known as Facsimile One, or the \ldblquote coffee-grinder,\rdblquote 
 involving the use of a machine which loosely resembled a camera (boxlike, two-handled, with an exit hole for blasts in front and a peekhole in back) to administer a push-pull force beam to the body. This was used by a
n Invader Force to tame the population. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fac One:}{\f0\cf1  an incident known as Facsimile One, or the \ldblquote coffee grinder,\rdblquote  involving the use of a two-handled, portable machine which, when turned, emits a heavy push-pull electronic wav
e. This was used by an invader force to tame the population. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 invader force}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fac One:}{\f0\cf1  an incident known as Facsimile One, or the \ldblquote coffee grinder,\rdblquote 
 involving the use of a two-handled, portable machine which, when turned, emits a heavy push-pull electronic wave. This was used by an invader force (an electronics people which lands on a plane
t inhabited by people who do things by thought, and then starts setting up various kinds of traps and doing all sorts of things in order to control the area). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Fac One:}{\f0\cf1  an incident known as Facsimile One, or the \ldblquote coffee grinder,\rdblquote 
 involving the use of a two-handled, portable machine which, when turned, emits a heavy push-pull electronic wave. This was used by an invader force (an electronics people who land on a planet i
nhabited by people who do things by thought, and then start setting up various kinds of traps and doing all sorts of things in order to control the area). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Fac One:}{\f0\cf1  an incident known as Facsimile One, or the \ldblquote coffee-grinder,\rdblquote 
 which involved the use of a machine which loosely resembles a camera (boxlike, two-handled, with an exit hole for blasts in front and a peekhole in back). This was used for administering a push
-pull force beam to the body, by an Invader Force to tame the population. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HOM }{\f0\cf1 and}{\f0\ul\cf1  Lecture 620918.}{\f0\cf1  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fac One:}{\f0\cf1  an incident known as Facsimile One, or the \ldblquote coffee-grinder,\rdblquote 
 which involved the use of a machine which loosely resembled a camera (boxlike, two-handled, with an exit hole for blasts in front and a peek hole in back) to administer a push-pull force beam to the body. This was used by an Invader Force to tame the 
population. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fac One: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Facsimile One:}{\f0\cf1  the first proven-up, whole-track incident which, when audited out of a long series of people, was found to eradicate such things as asthma, sinus trouble, chronic chills and a host of o
ther ills. It was originally laid down in this galaxy about one million years ago. Fac One was an outright control mechanism, invented to cut down rebel raids on invader installations. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Scientology: A History of Man.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 1.}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. }{\f0\ul\cf1 2.}{\f0\cf1 
 facsimiles are energy reproductions of things in the various universes. They are fixed to ridges. \'d1}{\f0\ul\cf1 LRH, 8-8008}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1 
 a facsimile is a memory recording for a finite period of time. It is considered that memory is a static without wavelength, weight, mass or position in space (in other words, a true static) which yet receives the impression of time, space, energy and mat
ter. A careful examination of the phenomena of thought and the behavior of the human mind lead one to this conclusion. The 
conclusion is itself a postulate used because it is extremely useful and workable. This is a point of echelon in research, that a facsimile can be so described. The description is mathematical and an abstract and may or may not be actual. When a thought r
ecording is so regarded, the problems of the mind rapidly resolve. Facsimiles are said to be \ldblquote stored.\rdblquote 
 They act upon the physical universe switchboard called the brain and nervous and glandular system to monitor action. They appear to have motion and weight
 only because motion and weight are recorded into them. They are not stored in the cells. They impinge upon the cells. Proof of this matter rests in the fact that an energy which became a facsimile a long time ago can be recontacted and is found to be vio
lent on the contact. Pain is stored as a facsimile. Old pain can be recontacted. Old pain, in facsimile form, old emotion in facsimile form, can reimpose itself on present time in such a wise as to deform or otherwise physically affect the body. You can g
o 
back to the last time you hurt yourself and find there and reexperience the pain of that hurt, unless you are very occluded. You can recover efforts and exertions you have made or which have been made against you in the past. Yet the cells themselves, whi
ch have finite life, are long since replaced although the body goes on. Hence the facsimile theory. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 facsimile}{\f0\cf1 
 is used as bluntly as one uses it in connection with a drawing of a box top instead of the actual box top. It means a similar article rath
er than the article itself. You can recall a memory picture of an elephant or a photograph. The elephant and the photograph are no longer present. A facsimile of them is stored in your mind. A facsimile is complete with every perception of the environment
 present when that facsimile was made including sight, sound, smell, taste, weight, joint position and so on through half a hundred perceptions. Just because you cannot recall motion or these perceptions does not mean they were not recorded fully and in m
ot
ion with every perception channel you had at the time. it does mean that you have interposed a stop between the facsimile and the recall mechanisms of your control centers. There are facsimiles of everything you have experienced in your entire lifetime an
d everything you have imagined. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 APA Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  ***a recording in energy of an incident or part of an incident from the past. The facsimile contains all the perceptics of the original. It is an involuntary duplicate or copy (}{\f0\ul\cf1 not}{\f0\cf1  a per
fect duplicate). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a recording in energy of an incident or part of an incident from the past. The facsimile contains all the perceptics of the original. It is an involuntary duplicate or copy (}{\f0\ul\cf1 not}{\f0\cf1 
 a perfect duplicate). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a recording in energy of an incident or part of an incident from the past. The facsimile contains all the perceptics of the original. It is an involuntary duplicate or copy (}{\f0\ul\cf1 not}{\f0\cf1 
 a perfect duplicate). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a recording in energy of an incident or part of an incident from the past. The facsimile contains all the perceptics of the original. It is an involuntary duplicate or copy (}{\f0\ul\cf1 not}{\f0\cf1 
 a perfect duplicate). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a recording in energy of an incident or part of an incident from the past. The facsimile contains all the perceptics of the original. It is an involuntary duplicate or copy (}{\f0\ul\cf1 not}{\f0\cf1  a p
erfect duplicate).  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1 *** a recording in energy of an incident or part of an incident from the past. The facsimile contains all the perceptics of the original. It is an involuntary duplicate or copy (}{\f0\ul\cf1 not}{\f0\cf1 
 a perfect duplicate). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 pictures }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 LCDH}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Perception of Truth}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimile:}{\f0\cf1  a three-dimensional color picture with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimilecate:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word meaning \ldblquote create facsimiles.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimiles}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimilectomy:}{\f0\cf1  a humorously coined word from }{\f0\ul\cf1 facsimile}{\f0\cf1  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 -ectomy,}{\f0\cf1  a suffix meaning a surgical operation. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 facsimile}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Facsimile One:}{\f0\cf1 
 the first proven-up, whole-track incident which, when audited out of a long series of people, was found to eradicate such things as asthma, sinus trouble, chronic chills and a host of other ills. It was originally laid down in this galaxy about one milli
on years ago. Facsimile One was an outright control mechanism, invented to cut down rebel raids on invader installations. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 History of Man Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimiles:}{\f0\cf1  three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimiles:}{\f0\cf1  three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 pictures }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimiles:}{\f0\cf1  three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 pictures }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimiles:}{\f0\cf1  three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimiles:}{\f0\cf1  three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimiles:}{\f0\cf1  three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facsimiles:}{\f0\cf1  three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faction: }{\f0\cf1 a group of people in a political party, church, club, neighborhood or other body or organization who stand up for their side or act together for some common purpose against the rest of a larger group. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 factionalism:}{\f0\cf1  condition of conflict, discord or antagonism between groups or cliques within a larger group, party, government, organization or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 factor:}{\f0\cf1  any of the circumstances, conditions, etc., that bring about a result. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 factor:***}{\f0\cf1  any of the circumstances, conditions, etc., that bring about a result. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 factor:}{\f0\cf1  any of the numbers which, when multiplied together, form a product. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 factor:}{\f0\cf1  one of the elements contributing to a particular result or situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 factoral:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word meaning \ldblquote of the kind of, pertaining to, having the form or character of a factor.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 factor of safety:}{\f0\cf1 
 the ratio of the maximum stress that a structural part or other piece of material can withstand to the maximum stress estimated for it in the use for which it is designed. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Factors, The:}{\f0\cf1 
 a summation of the considerations and examinations of the human spirit and the material universe completed by L. Ron Hubbard between 1923 and 1953 a.d. The Factors can be found in the book }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0\cf1 . 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Factors, the:***}{\f0\cf1  a summation of the considerations and examinations of the human spirit and the material universe completed by L. Ron Hubbard between 1923 and 1953 a.d. The Factors can be found in the book }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0\cf1  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Factors, The:}{\f0\cf1  a summation of the considerations and examinations of the human spirit and the material universe completed by L. Ron Hubbard between 1923 and 1953 a.d. The Factors can be found in the book }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0\cf1 . \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facts of life:}{\f0\cf1  harsh, unpleasant facts about a situation in life. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 facts of life:}{\f0\cf1  the harsh, unpleasant facts one must face in life or in some situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faculty:}{\f0\cf1  an ability, natural or acquired, for a particular kind of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faculty psychology:}{\f0\cf1  an early school of psychology that explained the various mental processes by reference to corresponding \ldblquote faculties\rdblquote  (
senses or perceptions), such as knowing, feeling, judgment, duty, etc. As an example, the process of thinking was explained by reference to the faculty of \ldblquote understanding\rdblquote  or of \ldblquote reason.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faculty psychology:}{\f0\cf1  an early school of psychology that explained the various mental processes by reference to corresponding \ldblquote faculties\rdblquote 
 (senses or perceptions), such as knowing, feeling, judgment, duty, etc. As an example, the process of thinking was explained by reference to the faculty of \ldblquote understanding\rdblquote  or of \ldblquote reason.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faculty psychology:}{\f0\cf1  an early school of psychology that explained the various mental processes by reference to corresponding \ldblquote faculties\rdblquote 
 (senses or perceptions), such as knowing, feeling, judgment, duty, etc. As an example, the process of thinking was explained by reference to the faculty of \ldblquote understanding\rdblquote  or of \ldblquote reason.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faculty psychology:}{\f0\cf1  an early school of psychology that explained the various mental processes by reference to corresponding \ldblquote faculties\rdblquote 
 (senses or perceptions), such as knowing, feeling, judgment, duty, etc. As an example, the process of thinking was explained by reference to the faculty of \ldblquote understanding\rdblquote  or of \ldblquote reason.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faculty psychology:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  an early school of psychology that explained the various mental processes by reference to corresponding \ldblquote faculties\rdblquote 
 (senses or perceptions), such as knowing, feeling, judgment, duty, etc. As an example, the process of thinking was explained by reference to the faculty of \ldblquote understanding\rdblquote  or of \ldblquote reason.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faculty psychology:}{\f0\cf1  an early school of psychology that explained the various mental processes by reference to corresponding \ldblquote faculties\rdblquote 
 (senses or perceptions), such as knowing, feeling, judgment, duty, etc. As an example, the process of thinking was explained by reference to the faculty of \ldblquote understanding\rdblquote  or of \ldblquote reason.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fad:}{\f0\cf1  ***a temporary fashion, notion, manner of conduct, etc., especially one followed enthusiastically by a group. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faddism: }{\f0\cf1 
the practice of following a fad (a temporary fashion, notion, manner of conduct, etc., especially one followed enthusiastically by a group), such as seeking and adhering briefly to a passing variety of unusual diets, beliefs, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faddists:}{\f0\cf1  persons following a fad (temporary fashion, notion, manner of conduct, etc.) or given to fads, as those who seek and adhere briefly to a passing variety of unusual diets, beliefs, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
History of Man Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fade:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  a gradual disappearance or reduction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fader questions:}{\f0\cf1  questions to which, because of the characteristics of the mind, there is no possible answer. One of these is \ldblquote Give me an unknown time.\rdblquote 
 As soon as the preclear starts to answer such a question, he has of cours
e as-ised a certain amount of unknownness and will know the time. The answer to a fader question is measurable. However, it could be said arbitrarily to be answered when the preclear has as-ised enough unknownness to give a known time. There are relativel
y few of these questions. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fads:}{\f0\cf1  temporary fashions, notions, manners of conduct, etc., especially those followed enthusiastically by groups. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fa-faa:}{\b\f0\ul\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Organizational Structure}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fag:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a male homosexual. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fagin:}{\f0\cf1  a villainous old man who trains and uses young boys as thieves in the novel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Oliver Twist}{\f0\cf1  by English novelist Charles Dickens (1812 - 1870). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fahrenheit:}{\f0\cf1  according to the Fahrenheit scale for measuring temperature, on which 32 degrees marks the freezing point of water and 212 degrees the boiling point. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Failed Help Process:}{\f0\cf1  a process used to help a preclear increase responsibility by finding times in the past when he failed to help someone or something. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fairfax:}{\f0\cf1  a county in Virginia, United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fairhope:}{\f0\cf1  a city in southwest Alabama. It was a location of squirrel activity in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fairhope:}{\f0\cf1  a city in southwest Alabama. It was a location of squirrel activity in the early 1950s.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fairhope:}{\f0\cf1  a city in southwest Alabama, United States. It was a location of squirrel activity in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fairhope:}{\f0\cf1  a city in southwest Alabama, United States. It was a location of squirrel activity in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fair-to-middling: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  moderately good; passable. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fairway:}{\f0\cf1  on a golf course, the mowed part between the tee (the starting point) and th
e green (the area of closely cropped grass surrounding the hole) to which the golfer hits the ball. The fairway is the optimum place for the golfer to hit the ball, rather than into bushes, ponds or trees which may be on either side of the fairway. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fairway: }{\f0\cf1 the navigable portion of a river, harbor or other partly enclosed body of water. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fait accompli: (French)}{\f0\cf1  an accomplished fact; a thing already done. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fait accompli:}{\f0\cf1  ***}{\f0\ul\cf1 (French)}{\f0\cf1  an accomplished fact; a thing already done. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fait accompli:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (French)}{\f0\cf1  an accomplished fact; a thing already done. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fait accompli}{\f0\cf1 : }{\f0\ul\cf1 (French)}{\f0\cf1  an accomplished fact; a thing already done. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fait accompli: (French)}{\f0\cf1  an accomplished fact; a thing already done. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faith healer:}{\f0\cf1  a person who is believed to be able to heal through religious faith, prayer, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faith healing:}{\f0\cf1  a trying to cure disease by religious faith, praying, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faith,}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 on:}{\f0\cf1  ***without question or proof. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faith, on:}{\f0\cf1  without question or proof. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faith, on:}{\f0\cf1  without question or proof. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fakir:}{\f0\cf1  a Hindu ascetic (a person who chooses to live with unusual self
-denial and devotion or severe discipline of self for religious reasons), who sometimes performs extraordinary feats, such as lying upon sharp knives or nails. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fakir:}{\f0\cf1 
 a Hindu ascetic (a person who chooses to live with unusual self-denial and devotion or severe discipline of self for religious reasons), who sometimes performs extraordinary feats, such as lying upon sharp knives or nails. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fakir:}{\f0\cf1  a Hindu ascetic (a person who chooses to live with unusual self-denial and devotion or severe discipline of self for religious reasons), who sometimes performs extraordinary feats, such as lying upon sharp knives or nails. }{
\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Hindu}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fakirism:}{\f0\cf1 
 the ascetic (having to do with unusual self-denial and devotion or severe discipline of self for religious reasons) practices of Hindu fakirs (those who sometimes perform extraordinary feats, such as lying upon sharp knives or nails). \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fakirism:}{\f0\cf1 
 the ascetic (having to do with unusual self-denial and devotion or severe discipline of self for religious reasons) practices of Hindu fakirs (those who sometimes perform extraordinary feats, such as lying upon sharp knives or nails). \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falderol: }{\f0\cf1 mere nonsense; foolish talk or ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a read on the E-Meter whereby the needle makes a dip to the right as one faces the E-Meter. 
A fall denotes a disagreement with life on which the preclear has a greater or lesser reality has met the question asked. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 E-Meter, auditor, auditing, preclear }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary.   \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Out-Tech}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall:}{\f0\cf1  a read on the E-Meter whereby the needle makes a dip to the right as one faces the E-Meter. A fall denotes that a disagreement with life on which the preclear has a greater or lesser reality has met the question asked. }{
\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 E-Meter}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 preclear }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall:}{\f0\cf1  (of an E-Meter needle) to make a movement to the right. A }{\f0\ul\cf1 fall}{\f0\cf1  is a read on the E-Meter whereby the needle makes a dip to the right as one faces the E-Meter. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 E-Meter}{
\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall: }{\f0\cf1 that end of a rope which being threaded through various blocks is actually hauled upon. The other end, attached to the object being moved, is known as the standing part. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 forward block}{
\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 after block }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fallacious:}{\f0\cf1  logically unsound; erroneous. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fallacy:}{\f0\cf1  a delusive (misleading, deceptive) notion, especially one based on false reasoning. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall back on:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  go for help to; turn to in time of need. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization and Ethics}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall back on:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  go for help to; turn to in time of need. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall back on:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  go to for help; turn to in time of need. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall down:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fail or are unsuccessful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall down:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fail or become unsuccessful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall down:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fail or be unsuccessful in. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall down:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fail or be unsuccessful in. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fallen on their heads:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  failed to be successful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall flat:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  be a failure; fail. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall flat on (one's) face:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  fail utterly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall for:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  be deceived by. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NED}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall from grace:}{\f0\cf1  lose favor, especially because of a bad or foolish action. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falling:}{\f0\cf1  dipping to the right as one faces the E-Meter. This needle manifestation, a fall, denotes that a heavy facsimile has been brought into view. The needle may fall from a quarter of an inch to a whole dial. }{\f0\ul\cf1 
See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 E-Meter }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falling down: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  performing disappointingly; disappointing; failing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falling for:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  being deceived by. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falling off:}{\f0\cf1  decreasing in number, amount or intensity; diminishing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falling off of the wagon:}{\f0\cf1  ceasing to be good. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 off the wagon,}{\f0\cf1  meaning drinking liquor again after having stopped for awhile. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falling off the marijuana wagon:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  smoking marijuana after previously stopping. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 fall off the wagon,}{\f0\cf1 
 to begin drinking liquor again after a period of abstinence. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falling on their heads:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  failing to be successful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falling short:}{\f0\cf1  giving out; becoming insufficient. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fall into (one's) lap:}{\f0\cf1  come within (one's) reach, or into the power of (one). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fallout:}{\f0\cf1  the descent to earth of radioactive particles, as after a nuclear explosion or reactor accident; also the radioactive particles themselves.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{
\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falls out of the hopper:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  becomes realized. A variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 in the hopper,}{\f0\cf1  in preparation; about to be realized. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 false: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (noun) }{\f0\cf1 a coined Scientology term for the auditing question \ldblquote Has anyone said you had a ___ when you didn't have one?\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul\cf1 False}{\f0\cf1 
 is used to check if the E-Meter has reacted on the person's protest to a particular question (for example: \ldblquote Has a withhold been missed?\rdblquote ) rather than the question itself. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 read}{\f0\cf1  and }{
\b\f0\cf1 E-Meter}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul\cf1 The withhold read even after false was checked.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs in Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 false data:}{\f0\cf1  incorrect ideas, information, laws, definitions, etc., which a person holds to be true. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 false data:}{\f0\cf1  incorrect ideas, information, laws, definitions, etc., which a person holds to be true. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 false data:}{\f0\cf1  incorrect ideas, information, laws, definitions, etc., which a person holds to be true. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR 4 Film}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 false data:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1 ***}{\f0\cf1  incorrect ideas, information, laws, definitions, etc., which a person holds to be true. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR 7, Upper Indoc TRs Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved 14-11-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 false data:}{\f0\cf1 *** incorrect ideas, information, laws, definitions, etc., which a person holds to be true. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR7 Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 15 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 false four: }{\f0\cf1 the laughter and gaiety which the preclear exhibits when he has thoroughly exhausted an incident of charge. There is nothing really \ldblquote false\rdblquote 
 about false four, except that it is often of very short duration. (The \ldblquote four\rdblquote  here refers to the tone level of 4.0.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 False Purpose RD:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Hubbard False Purpose Rundown,}{\f0\cf1 
 a specific auditing program for the handling of overts, withholds, evil purposes or destructive intentions. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 falters:}{\f0\cf1  speaks in a broken or stumbling way; stammers. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 falters:}{\f0\cf1  speaks in a broken or stumbling way; stammers. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Family Circle:}{\f0\cf1  a magazine distributed in US and Canada. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 family way, in a:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  pregnant. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 family way, in the:}{\f0\cf1  pregnant. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 famine:}{\f0\cf1  extreme hunger; starvation.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fan:}{\f0\cf1 
 a device consisting of a series of radiating flat or curved blades attached to and revolving with a central hublike part. In a car engine it is turned by a belt and cools the radiator (a device of tubes and fins, through which circulating water passes so
 as to remove heat and so cool the engine). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fan: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (Western US, chiefly cowboy use)}{\f0\cf1  slap the flanks (of a horse or other animal) repeatedly with a hat to get it to move or move faster. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fancied: }{\f0\cf1 unreal, imaginary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fancied: }{\f0\cf1 unreal, imaginary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fancied: }{\f0\cf1 unreal, imaginary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fancy:}{\f0\cf1  exorbitant or extravagant; much too costly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fancy:}{\f0\cf1  the power to imagine; imagination. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fan job:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a propeller driven aircraft. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fan-job: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  propeller-driven. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fan-job:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  propeller-driven.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fan jobs:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  propeller-driven aircraft.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fan mail:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  letters, especially of praise or admiration from strangers, received by a prominent or well-known person. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 67}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fanny Hill:}{\f0\cf1  an elegant, flowery work of pornography describing the activities of a London prostitute, written by John Cleland (1709 - 1789). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fanny Hill:}{\f0\cf1  an elegant, flowery work of pornography describing the activities of a London prostitute, written by John Cleland (1709 - 89). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fanny Hill:}{\f0\cf1  an elegant, flowery work of pornography describing the activities of a London prostitute, written by John Cleland (1709 - 1789). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fantabulous:}{\f0\cf1  seemingly impossible; incredible; astounding. Coined from the words }{\f0\ul\cf1 fantastic}{\f0\cf1  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 fabulous}{\f0\cf1 . \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fan-tan:}{\f0\cf1  a Chinese gambling game in which a pile of coins, counters or objects is placed under a bowl and bets are made on what the remainder will be after they have been counted off in fours. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FAO:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dmin }{\f0\ul\cf1 O}{\f0\cf1 rg. Early in 1971, Flag was divided into three orgs: Flag Bureaux, Flag Admin Org, and the Flag Ship Org. The Flag Admin Org (FAO)
 was the }{\f0\ul\cf1 service}{\f0\cf1  org. It trained, processed and handled finance. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag, Flag Bureaux }{\f0\cf1 and}{\b\f0\cf1  Flag Ship Org }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Farber, Evans:}{\f0\cf1  a Scientologist in California at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Farber, Evans:}{\f0\cf1  a Scientologist in the 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fare:}{\f0\cf1  get along; do or be. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Far East: }{\f0\cf1 the countries of east Asia, including China, Japan, Korea, and sometimes adjacent areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fare-you-well:}{\f0\cf1  a highest or ultimate degree. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 far-fetched:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  improbable; not naturally pertinent; being only remotely connected; forced; strained. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Lowest Levels}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 far-flung:}{\f0\cf1  widely spread; covering a large area. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 farm out:}{\f0\cf1  give out. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 farm out:}{\f0\cf1  give out. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 far out:}{\f0\cf1 *** very advanced, experimental or nonconformist. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Farragut: }{\f0\cf1 David Glasgow Farragut (1801 - 70), US admiral who won the battles of New Orleans and Mobile Bay for the Union in the US Civil War. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 farthing: }{\f0\cf1 a former small British coin, equal to one fourth of a penny. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Webster's New World Dictionary, Student Edition.}{\f0\cf1  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faschinating:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous pronunciation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascinating.}{\f0\cf1   }{\f0\ul\cf1 Oh, this is \ldblquote faschinating.\rdblquote  \'d1Can't-Have, Create, Fundamentals of All Problems (18 July 61)}{\f0\cf1   \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faschinating:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous pronunciation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascinating.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faschinating:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous pronunciation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascinating.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascism: }{\f0\cf1 a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascism: }{\f0\cf1 a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fascism:}{\f0\cf1 
 a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fascism:}{\f0\cf1 
 a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascism:}{\f0\cf1  a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascism:}{\f0\cf1  a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fascism:}{\b\f0\ul\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Project Third Dynamic}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascism:}{\f0\cf1  a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascist:}{\f0\cf1  a person who is dictatorial or has extreme right-wing (very conservative) views. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fascist:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with a person who believes in or practices }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascism,}{\f0\cf1  the principles or methods of a government or a political party favoring rule by a dictator, w
ith strong control of industry and labor by the central government, great restrictions upon the freedom of individuals, and extreme nationalism and militarism. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascist:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with a person who believes in or practices }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascism,}{\f0\cf1 
 the principles or methods of a government or a political party favoring rule by a dictator, with strong control of industry and labor by the central government, great restrictions upon the freedom of individuals and extreme nationalism and militarism. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascist:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascism,}{\f0\cf1 
 the principles or methods of a government or a political party favoring rule by a dictator, with strong control of industry and labor by the central government, great restrictions upon the freedom of individuals and extreme nationalism and militarism. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascist: }{\f0\cf1 one who believes in or sympathizes with fascism, a governmental system led by a dictator having complete pow
er, forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc., and emphasizing aggressive nationalism and often racism. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascist:}{\f0\cf1  one who believes in or sympathizes with }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascism,}{\f0\cf1 
 a system of government characterized by rigid dictatorship, forcible suppression of opposition, private economic enterprise under centralized governmental control, warlike patriotism, racism, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascist:}{\f0\cf1  one who believes in or sympathizes with }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascism. See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fascism}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascist:}{\f0\cf1  one who believes in or sympathizes with fascism. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fascism}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fascist:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  rigid one-party dictatorship in which private enterprise is under government control and there is forcible suppression of opposition. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascistic: }{\f0\cf1 of or having to do with a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power, forcibly sup
pressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc., and emphasizing an aggressive nationalism and often racism. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascistic:}{\f0\cf1 
 of or having to do with a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power, forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc., and emphasizing an aggressive nationalism and often racism. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascistic:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascism,}{\f0\cf1 
 a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power, forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc., and emphasizing an aggressive nationalism and often racism. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{
\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fascists:***}{\f0\cf1  people who believe in or practice }{\f0\ul\cf1 fascism,}{\f0\cf1 
 the principles or methods of a government or a political party favoring rule by a dictator, with strong control of industry and labor by the central government, great restrictions upon the freedom of individuals, and extreme nationalism and militarism. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fast: }{\f0\cf1 a period of abstaining from all food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fast check:}{\f0\cf1 
 a check (test; examination) on the rudiments which includes only (1) consulting the meter for a hidden answer, (2) using meter reads to steer the pc to the answer. These two steps are done over and over until the needle is clean and the pc agrees that it
 is clean. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fasting: }{\f0\cf1 abstaining from all food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fast-talk:}{\f0\cf1  persuasively talk. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fast touch: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 an effort to get a loan or gift of money quickly and often dishonestly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fatalism:}{\f0\cf1  the acceptance that fate controls everything that happens. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fat cats: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  wealthy people. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fate:}{\f0\cf1  the power that is supposed to settle ahead of time what will happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fate}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 magazine:}{\f0\cf1  a monthly US publication which contains stories and articles about personal psychic experiences, the occult, magic, spiritual-healing miracles, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 LCDH}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fate}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 magazine:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a monthly US publication which contains stories and articles about personal psychic experiences, the occult, magic, spiritual-healing miracles, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 R-factor
\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fathers: }{\f0\cf1 priests. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Father, Son and the Holy Ghost:}{\f0\cf1  the doctrine of Christianity that there is one God and three divine persons in the one God: the Father, the Son (Jesus) and the Holy Ghost (also called Holy Spirit). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6
}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost:}{\f0\cf1  in the belief of many Christians, the three persons making up the one God (the Son refers to Jesus). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fathometer:}{\f0\cf1  a device for determining depth of water by sending sound waves through the water and timing their return from the bottom. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fatty tissues:}{\f0\cf1  tissues (substances of an organic body or organ, made up of cells and the material between them) which contain or consist of fat. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{
\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fault, at: }{\f0\cf1 guilty of error; deserving blame. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Faust:}{\f0\cf1  German legend about a man (Faust) who sold his soul to the Devil in return for having everything that he wanted on earth. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 faux pas:}{\f0\cf1  a social blunder; error in etiquette; tactless act or remark. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fawcett Publications:}{\f0\cf1  a publishing company founded in 1919 that publishes paperback books of different kinds, including romance novels and \ldblquote True Confessions\rdblquote  (a magazine of confession-type stories). }{\f0\ul\cf1 
See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 confession stories}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBDL:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag}{\f0\ul\cf1  B}{\f0\cf1 ureaux}{\f0\ul\cf1  D}{\f0\cf1 ata}{\f0\ul\cf1  L}{\f0\cf1 etter.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag Bureaux Data Letter}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBDL:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag}{\f0\ul\cf1  B}{\f0\cf1 ureaux}{\f0\ul\cf1  D}{\f0\cf1 ata}{\f0\ul\cf1  L}{\f0\cf1 etter.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux Data Letter}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBDL:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  see Flag Bureaux Data Letter}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard nat
ional security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{
\f0\cf1 nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{
\f0\cf1 nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of
 federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 nvestigation, a United States government agency establis
hed to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a US government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 nvestigation, United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and
 safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 nvestigation, US government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 nvestigation, US government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 nvestigation, US government agency established 
to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Lowest Levels}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous reference to the }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ederal }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 ureau of }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
nvestigation, a United States government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBI: }{\f0\cf1 the Federal Bureau of Investigation, a branch of the US Department of Justice, responsible for investigating violations of federal law. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How to Present Scientology to the World Part II Glossary.}{\f0\cf1 
 (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FBO:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 anking }{\f0\ul\cf1 O}{\f0\cf1 
fficer, the representative of the International Finance Office in each org who has the purpose of (1) making the org make more money, (2) giving the org a well-paid staff and (3) making it very worthwhile for Flag to manage and help it. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FC-7:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress}{\f0\cf1  lecture number }{\f0\ul\cf1 seven.}{\f0\cf1  The title of the lecture is \ldblquote Purpose and Need of Training Drills.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 
5707C05 }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 Freedom Congress }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR7 Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 15 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FC:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, referring to the Central Organization in Washington, DC, in this lecture. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 
Central Organization}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 Washington}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Promotion and Registration}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FC:}{\f0\cf1  Founding Church of Scientology, Washington DC. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCCI:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 ase }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 ompletion }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 ntensive, a term used to ref
er to public individuals desiring or receiving services from the Flag Service Organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCCIs:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 ase }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 ompletion }{\f0\ul\cf1 I}{\f0\cf1 
ntensives, a term used to refer to public individuals desiring or receiving services from the Flag Service Organization, in Clearwater, Florida. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington, }{\f0\ul\cf1 DC}{\f0\cf1 . \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington,}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Washington, DC}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington,}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington,}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington,}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington,}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington,}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington,}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCDC:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding}{\f0\ul\cf1  C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, Washington}{\f0\ul\cf1  DC}{\f0\cf1  (District of Columbia). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Your Scientology Organizations}{
\f0\cf1  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FC}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 NYC:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for the }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ounding }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 hurch of Scientology, }{\f0\ul\cf1 N}{\f0\cf1 ew }{\f0\ul\cf1 Y}{\f0\cf1 ork }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 
ity, the Central Organization located in New York City. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Central Organization}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FCTU Communist Dedicated Antipeople's Local Union Number 49:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for a trade union. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration: a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration: a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration, a divisi
on of the Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration, a division of the US Department of He
alth and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA: }{\f0\cf1 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human S
ervices whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose st
ated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. Corrupt individuals of the FDA have, in the past, attempted to attack the Church with unsubstantiated charges and outright lies. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Lowest Levels}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Out-Tech}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 EM-3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 67}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul\cf1  F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 dministration. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (US government) F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (US government) F}{\f0\cf1 ood and }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 rug }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 
dministration, a division of the Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handling the PTS}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA-osis:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word from }{\f0\ul\cf1 FDA}{\f0\cf1  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 -osis,}{\f0\cf1  an abnormal or diseased condition. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 FDA}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 23}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDR:}{\f0\cf1  initials of }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ranklin }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 elano }{\f0\ul\cf1 R}{\f0\cf1 
oosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States from 1933 to 1945. He became president near the beginning of a major economic depression and continued in office through reelection based on promises to relieve the strife the depression
 had caused. I
n May 1933 Roosevelt created the Federal Emergency Relief Administration and gave it $500 million in federal funds for the most seriously destitute. This was the beginning of a federal welfare program. He was also responsible for creating another governme
nt agency (the Agricultural Adjustment Administration) that raised farm prices by paying farmers to take their land out of production. This resulted in 10 million acres of cotton being plowed under and 6 million pigs being slaughtered while many Americans
 were starving.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDR:}{\f0\cf1  initials of }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ranklin }{\f0\ul\cf1 D}{\f0\cf1 elano }{\f0\ul\cf1 R}{\f0\cf1 
oosevelt, (1882 - 1945) thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945. During World War II (1939 - 1945), Roosevelt began the research project which produced the atomic bomb, a weapon that after his death brought a quick but highly controversial end
 to the war. He died a few weeks before Germany surrendered and before the end of the war with Japan. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FDR Augustus:}{\f0\cf1  humorous reference to }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ranklin }{\f0\ul\cf1 D. R}{\f0\cf1 
oosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945. He increased regulation of the nation's economy. While seeking reelection in 1936, he campaigned on a platform of class distinctions drawn on economic and social lines. }{
\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Augustus}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fear:}{\f0\cf1  a novel by L. Ron Hubbard, first published in July 1940 in }{\f0\ul\cf1 Unknown}{\f0\cf1  magazine. It is a terrifying tale of a man who loses four hours of his life and begins to go mad as h
e tries to remember what happened. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fear:}{\f0\cf1  a novel by L. Ron Hubbard, first published in July 1940 in }{\f0\ul\cf1 Unknown}{\f0\cf1 
 magazine. It is a terrifying tale of a man who loses four hours of his life and begins to go mad as he tries to remember what happened. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fear:}{\f0\cf1  a novel written by L. Ron Hubbard, originally appearing in 1940 in }{\f0\ul\cf1 Unknown}{\f0\cf1  magazine. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feather their own nests: }{\f0\cf1 obtain money, ethically or unethically, for themselves; obtain money or an unfair share of money from the efforts of others; provide for oneself with no regard to the welfare of others. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FEBC:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 E}{\f0\cf1 xecutive }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 riefing }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 
ourse, a course which consists of high-level administration technology. It is the Class VIII Course for admin. The name, Flag Executive Briefing Course, reflects the fact that this course was initially developed in 1970 - 1971 on Flag. The term 
\ldblquote FEBC\rdblquote  is also used to denote a person who has completed this course. (Example: The Executive Director is an FEBC.) }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual
}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FEBC:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 E}{\f0\cf1 xecutive }{\f0\ul\cf1 B}{\f0\cf1 riefing }{\f0\ul\cf1 C}{\f0\cf1 ourse. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag Executive Briefing Course }{\f0\cf1 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal:}{\f0\cf1  designating, of, or having to do with the central government of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 federal:}{\f0\cf1  designating, of, or having to do with the central government of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal:}{\f0\cf1  designating, of, or having to do with the central government of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Money Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (US history)}{\f0\cf1  a supporter or soldier of the central government of the United States during the American Civil War. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (US history)}{\f0\cf1  a supporter or soldier of the central government of the United States during the American Civil War. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 ***(US history)}{\f0\cf1  a supporter or soldier of the central government of the United States during the American Civil War. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Boys Institute: }{\f0\cf1 a humorous alteration of }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Bureau of Investigation,}{\f0\cf1  a branch of the US Department of Justice, responsible for investigating violations of federal law. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Boys Institute: }{\f0\cf1 a humorous alteration of }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Bureau of Investigation,}{\f0\cf1  a branch of the US Department of Justice, responsible for investigating violations of federal law. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NED}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Boys Institute: }{\f0\cf1 joking alteration of the name of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, a branch of the US Department of Justice, responsible for investigating violations of federal law. \emdash basic definition of FBI from }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Deterioration of Liberty Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 17.9.89 }{\f0\ul\cf1 5th ACC Glossary Part 1 (Final approval 2.12.89) }{\f0\cf1 also }{\f0\ul\cf1 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Church, Incorporated:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Communications Commission:}{\f0\cf1 
 the agency of the United States Government which has authority over radio, telephone and telegraph systems. The Commission was set up by the Communications Act of 1934. This law gave the new agency powers which had formerly belonged to several other gove
rnment departments. Radio stations must apply to the Commission for a license and for assignment of a wavelength over which they may broadcast. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Federal Drug Addicts:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous reference to the Food and Drug Administration. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{
\b\f0\ul\cf1 FDA }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Federal Drug Addicts:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous reference to the Food and Drug Administration. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\cf1 
Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Drug Addicts:}{\f0\cf1  humorous reference to the Food and Drug Administration, whose initials, FDA, are the same. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 FDA}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Federales:}{\f0\cf1  Judicial Police of the Federal District and Territories, one of two federal police forces in Mexico. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How to Present Scientology to the World Part II Glossary.}{\f0\cf1 
 (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 federal income tax:}{\f0\cf1  a government tax on a person's income or a corporation's income above a certain amount. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 federal marshal:}{\f0\cf1  a federal officer in the United States who carries out court orders. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 federal marshal:}{\f0\cf1  in the United States, a federal officer who carries out court orders. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 American Heritage Dictionary.}{\f0\cf1  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Reserve:}{\f0\cf1  ***the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve System, }{\f0\cf1 a centralized banking system in the US under a Board of Governors (formerly called the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve Board}{\f0\cf1 
) with supervisory powers over twelve }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve Banks,}{\f0\cf1  each a central bank for its district. Established in 1913, it is intended to regulate banking and the economy by controlling the supply of money and credit. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Reserve:}{\f0\cf1  the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve System, }{\f0\cf1 a centralized banking system in the US under a Board of Governors (formerly called the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve Board}{\f0\cf1 
) with supervisory powers over twelve }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve Banks,}{\f0\cf1  each a central bank for its district. Established in 1913, it is intended to regulate banking and the economy by controlling the supply of money and credit. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Reserve Bank:}{\f0\cf1  one of the banks of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve System, }{\f0\cf1 a centralized banking system in the US under a Board of Governors (formerly called the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve Board}{\f0\cf1 
) with supervisory powers over twelve }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve Banks,}{\f0\cf1  each a central bank for its district. Established in 1913, it is intended to regulate banking and the economy by controlling the supply of money and credit. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Money Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal Reserve Bank:}{\f0\cf1  one of the banks of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve System, }{\f0\cf1 a centralized banking system in the US under a board of governors with supervisory powers over twelve }{\f0\ul\cf1 Federal Reserve Banks,}{
\f0\cf1  each a central bank for its district. Established in 1913, it is intended to regulate banking and the economy by controlling the supply of money and credit. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Federal United States Marshal:}{\f0\cf1  in the United States, a federal officer who carries out court orders. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fedora hats:}{\f0\cf1 *** soft felt hats with the crown creased lengthwise and a somewhat curved brim. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feedback:}{\f0\cf1  the transfer of part of the output of an active circuit or device back to the input either as an unwanted effect or in an intentional use. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feedback:}{\f0\cf1  the transfer of part of the output of an active circuit or device back to the input either as an unwanted effect or in an intentional use. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feedbacks:}{\f0\cf1  returns of information about the results of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feet, on your own:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  independently. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Government and Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feet, thinking on (one's):}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  thinking quickly; answering or acting without waiting; knowing what to do or say right away. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feign:}{\f0\cf1  make a false show of; pretend; imitate. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feigned:}{\f0\cf1  pretended, simulated; sham. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feigning:}{\f0\cf1  giving a false appearance of; pretending. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 American Heritage Dictionary.}{\f0\cf1  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Felbridge Hotel:}{\f0\cf1  a hotel and restaurant in East Grinstead.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Felbridge, The:}{\f0\cf1  a hotel and restaurant in East Grinstead. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 a fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1 *** }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fellow; a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fella:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fellas:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 fellows. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feller:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  fellow. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feller:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  fellow. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fellers:}{\f0\cf1  persons, often used with an implication of disapproval. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 felony:}{\f0\cf1  a major crime. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 felony:}{\f0\cf1  a major crime. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 felony, compounds the:}{\f0\cf1  makes a situation worse; adds to a difficulty, problem, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 femoral:}{\f0\cf1  of, pertaining to or situated near the thigh or femur, the largest and longest bone in the body which goes from the hip to the knee. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fence:}{\f0\cf1  maneuver for advantage; spar (quarrel or argue). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fence:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a person who receives and disposes of stolen goods. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fenced:}{\f0\cf1  sold something which was stolen to a person or place which deals in buying and selling stolen goods. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fence, which side of the:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 an expression indicating which one (of a choice between two possibilities) is needed or being made; variation of the idiom \ldblquote on the fence,\rdblquote  meaning \ldblquote not having made up one's mind which side to take; doubtful; uncommitted.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How to Manage a Course}{\f0\cf1  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fencing:}{\f0\cf1  the sport of fighting with foils (long thin swords with blunt points) or other kinds of swords. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fender: }{\f0\cf1 
a buffer let down between the side of a vessel and an approached dock or other hard object such as another ship. They are traditionally made from granulated cork stuffed into canvas bags. They may take varied shapes and forms, such as plastic bu
mpers and old car tires. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fender:}{\f0\cf1  any one of the metal frames over the wheels of an automobile or other vehicle to protect against splashing mud, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fender:}{\f0\cf1  a pad or a bundle of rope hung over a vessel's side to prevent damage when alongside a wharf or another vessel. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fender party:}{\f0\cf1  a group of seamen who handle the fenders to prevent contact or collision of the ship with another object or ship. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fender}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fend off:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial) }{\f0\cf1 ward off.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Feninger, Mario:}{\f0\cf1  (1922 -  ), Egyptian-born pianist, author and teacher of international stature, and one of the early Class VIII Auditors. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul FER - FLA
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 1st ACC:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul 1st American Advanced Indoctrination Course}{\f0 , the name of the first Advanced Clinical Course given by L. Ron Hubbard from 6 O
ctober to 13 November 1953, in Camden, New Jersey, USA. The lectures were delivered to ten of the best auditors at the time, selected by Ron himself.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
This course was one of a number of theory and research courses delivered by L. Ron Hubbard during the years 1953 to 1961, which gave a deep insight into the phenomena of the mind and the rationale of research and investigation. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 1st Saint Hill:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul 1st Saint Hill Advanced Clinical Course. See }{\b\f0\ul Saint Hill ACC}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 1st Saint Hill:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul 1st Saint Hill Advanced Clinical Course. See }{\b\f0\ul Saint Hill ACC}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 1st Saint Hill ACC:}{\f0  an Advanced Clinical Course given by L. Ron Hubbard from 8 August through 16 September 1960, at Saint Hill, England.}{\f0\ul  See also}{\b\f0\ul  ACC }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}
{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 5 percent:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the share of money obtained by a person who helps businessmen obtain government contracts or do other business with the government. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 5th ACC:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul 5th American Advanced Clinical Course,}{\f0  given by L. Ron Hubbard in Phoenix, Arizona 29 March - 7 May 1954. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul ACC}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 5th ACC:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul 5th American Advanced Clinical Course,}{\f0  given by L. Ron Hubbard in Phoenix, Arizona, 29 March - 7 May 1954. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 15th Street in Washington:}{\f0  a reference to the FCDC HGC, located at 2315 15th Street, NW, Washington. The FCDC was located four streets away on 19th Street. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul FCDC}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 5707C05:}{\f0  the designation for the date of an LRH lecture and its type. This number stands for a lecture done in 1957 }{\f0\ul (57)}{\f0  in the month of July }{\f0\ul (07) }{\f0 on the fifth day }{\f0\ul (05). C }{\f0 stands for }{\f0\ul c}{
\f0 opy. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul FC-7 }{\f0 in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul TR7 Film Glossary}{\f0  (app. 15 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 F4R:}{\f0  a made-up electronic term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ferdinand:}{\f0  the title character in a children's book }{\f0\ul The Story of Ferdinand}{\f0  by American author Munro Leaf (1905 - 1976). Ferdinand was a gentle bull who liked to sit quietly and smell the flowers under his favorite cork tree. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ferdinand of Isabella fame:}{\f0 
 referring to Ferdinand V (1452 - 1516), king of various Spanish regions in the late 1400s and early 1500s, and his wife Isabella (1451 - 1504), co-ruler of one of these kingdoms. In about 1480 they established the Spanis
h Inquisition, a body of men appointed to pass judgment on those considered to have beliefs contrary to those of the Roman Catholic Church. The Spanish Inquisition was noted for its cruel and barbaric punishments and was also an effective tool against pol
itical opponents. Isabella is noted mainly for her financing of Christopher Columbus' voyages during which he discovered the American continents. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Fermi:}{\f0  Enrico Fermi (1901 - 1954), American physicist; born in Italy then came to the United States in 1938. He created the first self-sustaining chain reaction in uranium in the 1940s and worked on the first atomic bomb. }{\f0\ul See also }
{\b\f0\ul A-bomb}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 fern:}{\f0  any one of a group of plants that have roots, stems and feathery leaves but do not have flowers or seeds. The plant reproduces by means of spores, which grow in little brown clusters on the backs of the leaves. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Fernando Valley:}{\f0  the San Fernando Valley, in southern California, northwest of central Los Angeles and partly included in the city of Los Angeles. It is a farming area and has many suburban residential communities. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ferocity:}{\f0  a ferocious quality or state; savage fierceness.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 ferocity:}{\f0  ferocious quality or state; savage fierceness.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Ferrari:}{\f0  a type of racing sports car. It was first manufactured by Enzo Ferrari in 1947. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ferries:}{\f0 
 vessels designed for the transport of persons and goods from one place to another on a regular schedule of sailings. They can vary from small boats used as ferries across rivers to large specially built ships with roll-on, roll-off facilities for cars, b
uses and trains. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Ferris wheel: }{\f0 an amusement ride consisting of a large upright wheel rotating on a fixed stand and having seats suspended freely from its rim that remain right side up as they revolve. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ferrous gluconate:}{\f0  a type of iron supplement compound, containing considerably more absorbable iron than other types. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 fervor:}{\f0  intensity of emotion; ardor. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 FES:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Folder Error Summary:}{\f0  a complete summary of the errors which have been made in the auditing and handling of a pc's case}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
as found in a thorough review of the pc's folder (record of all the auditing actions and other handlings taken on a preclear), along with notations of what actions were taken to correct specific errors. An FES is done to provide the Case Supervisor with i
nformation from which a program (series of actions designed to bring about definite results in a pc) can be done. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972????????????)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 FES:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 older }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 rror }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ummary: a complete summary
 of the errors which have been made in the auditing and handling of a preclear's case}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
as found in a thorough review of the preclear's folder (record of all the auditing actions and other handlings taken on a preclear), along with notations of what actions were taken to correct specific errors. An FES is done to provide the Case Supervisor 
with information from which a program (series of actions designed to bring about definite results in a preclear) can be done. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  and}{\b\f0  C/S}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 FES:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Folder Error Summary:}{\f0 
 a complete summary of the errors which have been made in the auditing and handling of a pc's case}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
as found in a thorough review of the pc's folder (record of all the auditing actions and other handlings taken on a preclear), along with notations of what actions were taken to correct specific errors. An FES is done to provide the Case Supervisor with i
nformation from which a program (series of actions designed to bring about definite results in a pc) can be done. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing, preclear}{\f0  and}{\b\f0  Case Supervisor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 FES:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 older }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 rror }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ummary, a complete summary of the errors which have been made in the auditing and handling of a pc's case}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
as found in a thorough review of the pc's folder (record of all the auditing actions and other handlings taken on a preclear), along with notations of what actions were taken to correct specific errors. An FES is done to 
provide the Case Supervisor with information from which a program (series of actions designed to bring about definite results in a pc) can be done. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 fess up:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal shortening of \ldblquote confess\rdblquote )}{\f0  admit or concede, especially freely. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 fess up:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal shortening of \ldblquote confess\rdblquote )}{\f0\cf1  admit or concede, especially freely. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Org Board and Livingness}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fess up:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  (informal shortening of \ldblquote confess\rdblquote )}{\f0\cf1  admit or concede, especially freely. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fess up:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  (informal shortening of \ldblquote confess\rdblquote )}{\f0\cf1  admit or concede, especially freely. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fetish:}{\f0\cf1  any object, idea, etc., eliciting unquestioning reverence, respect or devotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fetishes:}{\f0\cf1  things or activities to which one is irrationally devoted. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fetishism:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (psychiatry)}{\f0\cf1  an abnormal condition in which erotic feelings are excited by a nonsexual object, as a foot, glove, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fetter:***}{\f0\cf1  confine; restrain. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fetters:}{\f0\cf1  things that shackle or bind; restraints. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fetus:}{\f0\cf1  in man, the offspring in the womb from the end of the third month of pregnancy until birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fetus:}{\f0\cf1  the young of an animal while in the womb or egg, especially in the later stages of development when the body str
uctures are in the recognizable form of its kind, in man being from the latter part of the third month until birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feudal:}{\f0\cf1 
 of or like the social, economic and political system in which lesser nobles, such as barons, are tenants on land owned by a king. They provide military and other assistance to their king in return for his protection and the use of the land. Part of the u
se of the land includes the use of the serfs (slaves) or peasants that live and work on that land. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feudal:}{\f0\cf1 
 of or like the social, economic and political system in which lesser nobles, such as barons, are tenants on land owned by a king. They provide military and other assistance to their king in return for his protection and the use of the land. Part of the u
se of the land includes the use of the serfs (slaves) or peasants that live and work on that land. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 feudalism:}{\f0\cf1  any social, economic or political system
 or doctrine thought of as resembling the feudal system in subordinating people to the dictates of a leader or system. Originally in Western Europe in the Middle Ages (476 - 1450) the feudal system was one in which lesser nobles, such as barons, were tena
nts on land owned by a king. They provided military and other assistance to their king in return for his protection and the use of the land. Part of the use of the land included the use of the serfs (slaves) or peasants that lived and worked on that land.
 \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 few and far between:}{\f0\cf1  not many; few and scattered; not often met or found; rare. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 few and far between:}{\f0\cf1  not many; few and scattered; not often met or found; rare. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FH:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 ort }{\f0\ul\cf1 H}{\f0\cf1 arrison hotel. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 Fort Harrison and Sandcastle hotels}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiasco:}{\f0\cf1  a complete failure; especially, an ambitious project that ends as a ridiculous failure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fibbed:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  told a small or trivial lie. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiber: }{\f0\cf1 the structural part of plants and plant products that consists of carbohydrates that are wholly or partially indigestible and when eaten helps to move waste products through the intestines. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fictitiously: }{\f0\cf1 of, pertaining to, or consisting of fiction; imaginatively produced or set forth; created by the imagination. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiddle:}{\f0\cf1  make aimless movements; play nervously; toy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiddle:}{\f0\cf1  touch or manipulate something, as to operate or adjust it; tinker. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiddle around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  work or do something in an irregular or unplanned way; tinker. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiddled:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (British informal)}{\f0\cf1  falsified. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiddles:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  toys or plays (with), especially in a nervous way. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiddling:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  playing or tinkering (with) especially in a nervous way. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fidelity:}{\f0\cf1  accuracy; exactness. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fidelity:}{\f0\cf1  faithful devotion to one's obligations or vows; loyalty; faithfulness. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fidelity: }{\f0\cf1 sexual faithfulness to one's spouse. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fidler, Jimmy:}{\f0\cf1  (1899 - 1988) Hollywood columnist and radio broadcaster from the 1920s to the early 1980s. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiduciary:}{\f0\cf1  of the nature of a trust; involving confidence or trust; confidential; as, in a }{\f0\ul\cf1 fiduciary}{\f0\cf1  capacity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiefs:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  heritable lands held from lords in return for services in medieval Europe.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\f0\cf1  (1) the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\f0\cf1  any }{\f0\ul\cf1 thing }{\f0\cf1 interposing between a preclear and something he wishes to see, whether mest or mock-up. Fields are black, gray, purple, any substance or invisible. }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 See also preclear, mest}{
\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 mock up}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\f0\cf1  any }{\f0\ul\cf1 thing }{\f0\cf1 interposing between a preclear and something he wishes to see, whether mest or mock-up. Fields are black, gray, purple, any substance or invisible. }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 See also preclear, mest}{
\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 universe}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 mocks up}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\f0\cf1  any }{\f0\ul\cf1 thing }{\f0\cf1 interposing between a preclear (thetan) and something he wishes to see, whether mest or mock-up. Fields are black, gray, purple, any substance or invisible. }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 See also thetan }{
\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 mest}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary.   \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Field: }{\f0\cf1 Oliver Field, the head of the American Medical Association's Department of Investigations in the 1960s. From this position he flooded falsehoods about Scientology into the press, magazines, radio and TV.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Field:}{\f0\cf1  Oliver Field, the head of the American Medical Association's Department of Investigations in the 1960s. From this position he flooded falsehoods about Scientology into the press, magazines, radio and TV. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (physics)}{\f0\cf1 
 a space within which magnetic or electrical lines of force are active. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\f0\cf1  sphere of activity or operation. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{
\f0\cf1  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the general area or region drawn upon or serviced by a Scientology organization. It includes, but is not restricted to, Field Staff Members, individuals and groups. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 
Field Staff Member}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Org Board and Livingness}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 field:}{\f0\cf1  the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field:}{\f0\cf1  the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditor:}{\f0\cf1  an auditor who professionally processes preclears in the field (the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 preclear}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR 4 Film}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditor:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  an auditor who professionally processes preclears in the field (the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 preclear}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditor:}{\f0\cf1  an auditor who professionally processes preclears in the field (the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 auditor}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 
preclear}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditor:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a person who professionally processes preclears in the field. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  field}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology Organizations}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditor:}{\f0\cf1  a person who professionally processes preclears in the field (the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditor:}{\f0\cf1  a person who professionally processes preclears in the field (the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditor:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a person who professionally processes preclears in the field (the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Promotion and Registration}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditor:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a person who professionally processes preclears in the field (the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Organizational Structure}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditors:}{\f0\cf1  people who professionally process preclears in the field. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  field}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditors:}{\f0\cf1  people who professionally process preclears in the field. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  field, the}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field auditors:***}{\f0\cf1  people who professionally process preclears in the field. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  field, the}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Field, Eugene: }{\f0\cf1 (1850-95) American poet and journalist who wrote many popular and sentimental poems for children, including }{\f0\ul\cf1 Little Boy Blue.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field gun:}{\f0\cf1  a mobile cannon. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0\cf1  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field punishment:}{\f0\cf1  punishment delivered in the field (the scene of military operations). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fields:}{\f0\cf1  any }{\f0\ul\cf1 things}{\f0\cf1  interposing between pc (thetan) and something he wishes to see, whether mest or mock-up. Fields are black, gray, purple, any substance, or invisible. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fields:}{\f0\cf1  spheres of activity or operation. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Field Staff Member:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a Scientologist in the field who disseminates Scientol
ogy through personal contact and by selling LRH books. The Field Staff Member selects persons to be trained or processed and brings them into the org for services. The purpose of the Field Staff Member is to help contact, handle, salvage and bring to unde
rstanding the individual and thus the peoples of Earth. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 field, the }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Government and Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Field Staff Member:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  of or pertaining to a Scientologist in the field who disseminates Scientology through personal
 contact and by selling LRH books, and who selects persons to be trained or processed and brings them into the organization for services. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Org Board and Livingness}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field staff members:}{\f0\cf1 
 Scientologists in the field who disseminate Scientology through personal contact and by selling LRH books. The field staff member selects persons to be trained or processed and brings them into the org for services. The purpose of the field staff member 
is to help contact, handle, salvage and bring to understanding the individual and thus the peoples of Earth. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 field, the}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field staff members:***}{\f0\cf1 
 Scientologists in the field who disseminate Scientology through personal contact and by selling LRH books. The field staff member selects persons to be trained or processed and brings them into the org for services. The purpose of the field staff member 
is to help contact, handle, salvage and bring to understanding the individual and thus the peoples of Earth. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 field, the}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field-strip:}{\f0\cf1  disassemble (a firearm) for cleaning and inspection.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fields, W.C.:}{\f0\cf1  W.C. (William Claude Dukenfield) Fields (1880 - 1946); an American film comedian of the twentieth century, noted for his comic timing and drawling speech. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field, the:}{\f0\cf1  the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 field, the:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Government and Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifteen Acts of Scientology:}{\f0\cf1  fifteen Scientology auditing processes, each one covering certain phases of a case. These Acts are given in }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handbook for Preclears.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fifth:}{\f0\cf1  a bottle holding one-fifth of a gallon (four-fifths of a quart), usually of an alcoholic beverage. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (fifth amphibious force) 5th Amphibious Force:}{\f0\cf1  a part of the United States Navy which operated in the Pacific between 1943 and the end of World War II. It took part in all major battles in the Pacific. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{
\b\f0\ul\cf1 amphibious}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Amphibious Force:}{\f0\cf1  a part of the United States Navy which operated in the Pacific between 1943 and the end of World War II. It took part in all major battles in the Pacific. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Amphibious}{\f0\cf1  means
 having to do with the joint undertakings of sea-fighting and land-fighting forces acting against enemy-held islands, ports or coastal areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Avenue:}{\f0\cf1  a fashionable street in central New York City, in the state of New York, United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Avenue:}{\f0\cf1  a fashionable street in central New York City, in the state of New York, United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fifth column:}{\f0\cf1  any group of people who aid the enemy from within their own country. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Invader:}{\f0\cf1  a member of the Fifth Invader Force, a force consisting of very strange insect-like creatures. It was one of two invader forces that attacked Earth in the neighborhood of 1135 to 1230 b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Invader:}{\f0\cf1  a member of the Fifth Invader Force, a force consisting of very strange insect-like creatures. It was one of two invader forces that attacked Earth in the neighborhood of 1135 to 1230 b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Invader:}{\f0\cf1  a member of the Fifth Invader Force, a force consisting of very strange insect-like creatures. It was one of two invader forces that attacked Earth in the neighborhood of 1230 to 1135 b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Invader:}{\f0\cf1  of the Fifth Invader Force, a force consisting of very strange insect-like creatures. It was one of two invader forces that attacked Earth in the neighborhood of 1135 to 1230 b.c. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 
invader force}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Invader Force:}{\f0\cf1  a force consisting of very strange insect-like creatures. It was one of two invader forces that attacked Earth in the neighborhood of 1135 to 1230 b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Fifth Invader Force body:}{\f0\cf1 
 a body of a very strange insect-like creature with unthinkably horrible hands. The Fifth Invader Force was one of two invader forces attacking Earth in the neighborhood of 1135 to 1230 b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fight shy: }{\f0\cf1 keep away from; avoid. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figure-figure:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term describing a particular type of aberration consisting of always having to have a \ldblquote reason for\rdblquote 
 or a significance. Given a fact, there must always be a reason for the fact. Hence we get figure-figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figure-figure:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term describing a particular type of aberration consisting of always having to have a \ldblquote reason for\rdblquote  or a significance. Given a fact, there 
must always be a reason for the fact. Hence we get figure-figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figure-figure:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term describing a particular type of aberration consisting of always having to have a \ldblquote reason for\rdblquote 
 or a significance. Given a fact, there must always be a reason for the fact. Hence we get figure-figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figure-figure:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a coined term describing a particular type of aberration consisting of always having to have a \ldblquote reason for\rdblquote  or a significance. G
iven a fact, there must always be a reason for the fact. Hence we get figure-figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology Organizations}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figure-figure:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term describing a particular type of aberration consisting of always having to have a \ldblquote reason for\rdblquote 
 or a significance. Given a fact, there must always be a reason for the fact. Hence we get figure-figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figure-figure:}{\f0\cf1 *** thought, opinion or idea about something, not based on actual fact. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Figure-figure}{\f0\cf1  is a term describing a particular type of aberration. It consists of always having to have a \ldblquote 
reason for\rdblquote  or a significance. Given a fact, there must always be a reason for the fact. Hence we get figure-figure-figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figure-figuring: }{\f0\cf1 getting involved in trying to find a reason for a significance; trying to work out why a fact is the way that it is. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figurehead: }{\f0\cf1 a person who is head of a group, company, etc., in title and is a symbol of the goals of that group. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 figuring:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  considering; calculating. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fijians:}{\f0\cf1  natives of the Fiji Islands, an independent chain of some 800 islands in the South Pacific Ocean, north of New Zealand. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 file clerk:}{\f0\cf1  Dianetic auditor's slang for the mechanism of the mind which acts as a data monitor. Auditors can get instant or \ldblquote flash\rdblquote  answers dir
ect from the file clerk to aid in contacting incidents. Technically the name of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 file clerk}{\f0\cf1  might be \ldblquote bank monitor unit\rdblquote  but that phrase is too unwieldy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 file clerk: }{\f0\cf1 Dianetic auditor's slang for the mechanism of the mind which acts as a data monitor. Auditors could get instant or \ldblquote flash\rdblquote  answers direct from the file clerk to aid in contacting incidents. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 file clerk:}{\f0\cf1  Dianetic auditor's slang for the mechanism of the mind which acts as a data monitor. Auditors can get instant or \ldblquote flash\rdblquote 
 answers direct from the file clerk to aid in contacting incidents. Technically the name of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 file clerk}{\f0\cf1  might be \ldblquote bank monitor unit\rdblquote  but that phrase is too unwieldy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 file clerk:}{\f0\cf1  Dianetic auditor's slang for the mechanism of the mind which acts as a data monitor. Auditors can get instant or \ldblquote flash\rdblquote 
 answers direct from the file clerk to aid in contacting incidents. Technically the name of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 file clerk}{\f0\cf1  might be \ldblquote bank monitor unit\rdblquote  but that phrase is too unwieldy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-3}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 file clerk:}{\f0\cf1  Dianetic auditor's slang for the mechanism of the mind which acts as a data monitor. Auditors can get instant or \ldblquote flash\rdblquote 
 answers direct from the file clerk to aid in contacting incidents. Technically the name of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 file clerk}{\f0\cf1  might be \ldblquote bank monitor unit\rdblquote  but that phrase is too unwieldy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Filipino:}{\f0\cf1  a native or inhabitant of the Philippines, a country occupying a group of islands in the southwest Pacific off the southeast coast of Asia. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Filipino:}{\f0\cf1  native or inhabitant of the Philippines, a group of islands in the Pacific, southeast of China. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fill:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  (photography)}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 fill light}{\f0\cf1 : a light used to eliminate or soften shadows caused by the main source of illumination. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fill:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (photography)}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 fill light}{\f0\cf1 : a light used to eliminate or soften shadows caused by the main source of illumination. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fillet:}{\f0\cf1  a boneless, lean piece of meat or fish. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fillmore, President: }{\f0\cf1 ***Millard Fillmore (1800 - 1874), thirteenth president of the United States (1850 - 1853). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fillmore, President: }{\f0\cf1 Millard Fillmore (1800 - 1874), thirteenth president of the United States (1850 - 1853). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 final analysis, in the:}{\f0\cf1  after all factors have been considered. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 final analysis, in the:}{\f0\cf1  after all factors have been considered. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Finance Banking Officer:}{\f0\cf1  the representative of the International Finance Office, now known as the Flag Banking Officer (FBO). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 FBO}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finances:}{\f0\cf1  the monetary resources, as of a government, company, organization or individual. (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Financial Planning:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a plan of how the money and assets of an org are to be handled so as to maintain outgo below income. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Lowest Levels}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 financial planning:***}{\f0\cf1  the action of handling the money and assets of an org so as to maintain outgo below income. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finding (one's) feet:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  becoming able to act by (oneself); discovering and making use of (one's) abilities, powers, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fine:}{\f0\cf1 *** pertaining to }{\f0\ul\cf1 fine art,}{\f0\cf1  vi
sual art considered to have been created primarily for aesthetic purposes and judged for its beauty and meaningfulness, specifically painting, sculpture, drawing, watercolor, graphics and architecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fine arts:}{\f0\cf1  any of the arts produced or intended primarily for beauty alone rather than utility, including sculpture, painting, drawing, and often architecture, literature, drama, music and dance. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fine-feathered:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1 thorough, complete. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fine-feathered:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1 thorough, complete. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fine hair, within a:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  exactly; right in every detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Promotion and Registration}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finesse:}{\f0\cf1  tact and cleverness in dealing with a situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fine-toothed dictionary, went over (something) with a:}{\f0\cf1  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 went through (something) with a fine-toothed comb,}{\f0\cf1  examined (something) very thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fine-toothed Ron, going over (something) with a:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 going over (something) with a fine-toothed comb,}{\f0\cf1  examining (something) very thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fine-toothed Ron, gone through (something) with a:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 gone through (something) with a fine-toothed comb,}{\f0\cf1  examined (something) very thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fingered:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  pointed out; identified; specifically, informed on. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finger, lifts a:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  makes any effort to do anything. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fingernails on the blackboard:}{\f0\cf1 
 reference to the screeching, irritating sound that is made when a blackboard is scratched by fingernails. Used figuratively in this lecture to mean something which strongly annoys or bothers one. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 finger off our number, taking (one's):}{\f0\cf1  making a total blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary
}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finger on, put a:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  discover; locate. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 67}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finger on, put (one's):}{\f0\cf1  discovered; located. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf2 finger on, put (one's):}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  identified or pointed out with precision. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finger on, put the:}{\f0\cf1  discovered; located. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fingers exactly on (something), had one's:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  had (something) expressed or named exactly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fingers on, have our:}{\f0\cf1  have identified or pointed out with precision. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finish up:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  end or complete. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization and Ethics}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finite:}{\f0\cf1  having bounds or limits; not infinite; measurable. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 finite:}{\f0\cf1  having measurable or definable limits. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Finnigin:}{\f0\cf1  an allusion to a poem by American author Strickland Gillilan (1869 - 1954). Strickland once found a story telling of Finnigin, an Irish railroad worker who, when reporting on train wrecks, was told to keep it br
ief. Strickland turned one of the Irishman's telexes into a poem, which reads in part: / \ldblquote Off agin, on agin, / \ldblquote Gone agin. \'d1finnigin\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire:}{\f0\cf1 *** liveliness of imagination. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire and brimstone:}{\f0\cf1  promising damnation and punishment; raising visions of fire and brimstone, as the fire of hell. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fireball:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 ***(slang)}{\f0\cf1  an ambitious, efficient and fast worker; a very active person. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fireball:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  an ambitious, efficient and fast worker; a very active person. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firebox:}{\f0\cf1  the furnace of a locomotive, where coal, oil or other fuel is burned to generate steam. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firecracker:}{\f0\cf1  a roll of paper that contains an explosive and an attached fuse. It goes off with a loud noise. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firecrackers:}{\f0\cf1 *** }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  bombs. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fired:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  directed with force and suddenness. Reference to the precision and velocity with which Sea Org missionaires are dispatched to carry out a mission assignment. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag }{
\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 mission}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fired:}{\f0\cf1   }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  discharged from one's job. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fired:}{\f0\cf1 *** }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  discharged from one's job. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill:}{\f0\cf1  a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill:}{\f0\cf1  a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill:}{\f0\cf1  a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Perception of Truth}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1 
 a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess.}{\f0\ul\cf1  
\emdash SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire-drilled:}{\f0\cf1  in a confused mess. A fir
e drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drilled:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1 
 in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess.}{\f0\ul\cf1 
 \emdash SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, fouled up like:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 delayed or stopped in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused
 mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Promotion and Registration}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, foul (someone) up like:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  delay or stop (someone) in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice dr
ill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, foul up like:}{\f0\cf1 
 delay or stop in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess
. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, hangs up like:}{\f0\cf1 
 delays or stops in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused me
ss. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill in the Swiss Navy, like a: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  in a very confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to 
train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess.}{\f0\ul\cf1  Switzerland}{\f0\cf1  is a land-locked country and does not have a navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, like: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1 
 in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess.}{\f0\ul\cf1 
 \emdash SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, like:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1 
 in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess.}{\f0\ul\cf1 
 \emdash PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, like:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  like a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire dr
ill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, like: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 
like a confused mess. From the practice of drilling a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drills on most ships being usually so bad they are a mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, loused up like:}{\f0\cf1  delayed or stopped in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefi
ghters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, messed (somebody) up like:}{\f0\cf1 
 delayed or stopped (somebody) in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for
 a confused mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, messed up like:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1 
 in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, messed up like:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in t
heir duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, messed up like:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1 
 in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fire drill, mess (one) up like a:}{\f0\cf1  delay or stop (o
ne) in a confused mess. A fire drill is a practice drill for a company of firefighters, the crew of a ship, etc., to train them in their duties in case of a fire. Fire drill on most ships is usually so bad it is a slang term for a confused mess. \emdash }
{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 firefight:}{\f0\cf1 
 a quarrel between an auditor and a pc. Derived from the military use of the term, meaning a brief, usually intense exchange of gunfire between soldiers of small military units. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firehold:}{\f0\cf1  ***a thing that holds or contains fire. An allusion to hell or any place suggesting hell. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firehold:}{\f0\cf1  a thing that holds or contains fire. An allusion to hell or any place suggesting hell. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire hose:}{\f0\cf1  a special heavy-duty hose for use in fighting destructive fires. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire line:}{\f0\cf1  the designated boundary around a burning building or area past which only firefighters or authorized personnel are allowed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, as the only definition found for \ldblquote fire line\rdblquote  was \ldblquote firebreak,\rdblquote  which is not the correct definition per context. }{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire off:}{\f0\cf1  discharge or let off (a gun, firework, etc.). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire, playing with:}{\f0\cf1  meddling with something dangerous. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fireplugs:}{\f0\cf1  street hydrants to which hoses can be attached for fighting fires. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fire Prevention Week:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (United States)}{\f0\cf1 
 a week during the beginning of October each year, set aside by the president of the United States, when many community organizations work together to start a fire-prevention program that will go on throughout the year. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire, pull the fat out of the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul\cf1 pull the chestnuts out of the fire,}{\f0\cf1 
 to save another person or a situation from difficulty or certain ruin, especially by putting oneself in danger. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fire, pull the fat out of the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul\cf1 pull the chestnuts out of the fire,}{\f0\cf1 
 to save another person or a situation from difficulty or certain ruin, especially by putting oneself in danger. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NED}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fireside chats:}{\f0\cf1  informal discussions. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Firestone:}{\f0\cf1  Harvey Samuel Firestone (1868 - 1938), American Industrialist; organized Firestone Tire & Rubber Company (1900). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf2 Firestone:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  Harvey Samuel Firestone (1868 - 1938), American Industrialist; organized Firestone Tire & Rubber Company (1900). }{\f0\ul\cf1 Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Firestone, Harvey:}{\f0\cf1 
 Harvey Samuel Firestone (1868 - 1938), American industrialist. He began manufacturing rubber tires in 1896 and in 1900 organized the Firestone Tire & Rubber Company, which became a leader of the rubber industry and one of the largest tire manufacturers i
n the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firing:}{\f0\cf1  rocket reading. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firing:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  starting up; exploding by having been ignited (said of a cylinder of an internal combustion engine when the fuel inside it is ignited). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Awareness Levels }{\f0\cf1 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firing squad:***}{\f0\cf1  a group of soldiers assigned to shoot someone sentenced to death by a military court. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firmament:}{\f0\cf1  the sky, viewed poetically as a solid arch or vault. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first aid:}{\f0\cf1  emergency treatment for injury or sudden illness, given while waiting for regular medical care. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (first amendment) 1st Amendment:}{\f0\cf1 
 pertaining to the 1st amendment to the Constitution of the United States (the fundamental law of the United States, composed in 1787 by the Constitutional Convention) which forbids Congress (the national lawmaking body of the United States) from tamperin
g with the freedoms of religion, speech, assembly and the press. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first and foremost:}{\f0\cf1  as the most important thing; first. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first and foremost:}{\f0\cf1  as the most important thing; first. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first and second postulate:}{\f0\cf1  the first two of the four basic postulates made by a native-state thetan: (1) I do not know about...; (2) I know about that item; (3) I have forgotten about that item; (4) I remember that item. }{
\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 native state}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 firstary:}{\f0\cf1  a humorously made-up word meaning something coming first. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first base, couldn't get to:}{\f0\cf1  wasn't able to make a good start or really begin; wasn't able to succeed. }{\f0\ul\cf1 First base }{\f0\cf1 comes from the sport of baseball, where a }{\f0\ul\cf1 base}{\f0\cf1 
 is one of four stations, laid out in the form of a diamond, which must be touched by a player after hitting the ball. }{\f0\ul\cf1 First base}{\f0\cf1  is the first of these stations the player must reach. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first base, get to:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal) }{\f0\cf1 succeed in the initial phase of a plan or undertaking. The phrase comes from the sport of baseball, where a }{\f0\ul\cf1 base}{\f0\cf1 
 is one of four stations, laid out in the form of a diamond, which must be touched by a player after hitting the ball. }{\f0\ul\cf1 First base}{\f0\cf1  is the first of these stations the player must reach. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first base, get to:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal) }{\f0\cf1 succeed in the initial phase of a plan or undertaking. The phrase comes from the sport of baseball, where a }{\f0\ul\cf1 base}{\f0\cf1  is one of four stations, la
id out in the form of a diamond, which must be touched by a player after hitting the ball. }{\f0\ul\cf1 First base}{\f0\cf1  is the first of these stations the player must reach. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first base, get to:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  succeed in the initial phase of a plan or undertaking. The phrase comes from the sport of baseball, where a }{\f0\ul\cf1 base}{\f0\cf1 
 is one of four stations, laid out in the form of a diamond, which must be touched by a player after hitting the ball. }{\f0\ul\cf1 First base }{\f0\cf1 is the first of these stations the player must reach. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first base, get to:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal) }{\f0\cf1 succeed in the initial phase of a plan or undertaking. The phrase comes from the sport of baseball, where a }{\f0\ul\cf1 base}{\f0\cf1 
 is one of four stations, laid out in the form of a diamond, which must be touched by a player after hitting the ball. }{\f0\ul\cf1 First base}{\f0\cf1  is the first of these stations the player must reach. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first base, get to:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 ***(informal) }{\f0\cf1 succeed in the initial phase of a plan or undertaking. The phrase comes from the sport of baseball, where a }{\f0\ul\cf1 base}{\f0\cf1 
 is one of four stations, laid out in the form of a diamond, which must be touched by a player after hitting the ball. }{\f0\ul\cf1 First base}{\f0\cf1  is the first of these stations the player must reach. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first-book:}{\f0\cf1 *** }{\f0\ul\cf1 Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health.}{\f0\cf1  Also called Book One. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First Book:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health,}{\f0\cf1  the basic text on Dianetics techniques, written by L. Ron Hubbard and first published in 1950. Also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 Book One.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first book:}{\f0\cf1  the book}{\f0\ul\cf1  Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health. \emdash Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first book:}{\f0\cf1  the book}{\f0\ul\cf1  Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Book One}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 LCDH}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first book:}{\f0\cf1  the book}{\f0\ul\cf1  Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Book One}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first book:}{\f0\cf1  the book}{\f0\ul\cf1  Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first book:}{\f0\cf1  the book}{\f0\ul\cf1  Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first book:}{\f0\cf1  the book}{\f0\ul\cf1  Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first book:}{\f0\cf1  the book }{\f0\ul\cf1 Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health,}{\f0\cf1  the basic text and the first book published on Dianetics techniques. It was written by L. Ron Hubbard and first published in 1950. }{
\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Dianetics}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Perception of Truth}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first cousin:}{\f0\cf1  anything or anyone closely related to or resembling another. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 first cousin:}{\f0\cf1  anything or anyone closely related to or resembling another. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 first dynamic:}{\f0\cf1 *** one of the eight urges (drives, impulses) in life, which are called the }{\f0\ul\cf1 
dynamics. }{\f0\cf1 The first dynamic is the urge toward survival as one's self. Here we have individuality expressed fully. This can be called the }{\f0\ul\cf1 self }{\f0\cf1 dynamic. For further data on the dynamics, read the book }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Scientology: The Fundamentals of Thought }{\f0\cf1 by L. Ron Hubbard. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 dynamics }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first dynamic: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 see dynamic}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first dynamic: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 see dynamic}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first dynamic:*** }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 see dynamics}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first Foundation:}{\f0\cf1  reference to the Hubbard Dianetics Research Foundation in Elizabeth, New Jersey, the first organization of Dianetics (founded in 1950). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first-goal Clear:}{\f0\cf1  a person who has had one GPM run. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 GPM }{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First Lady:}{\f0\cf1 *** the wife or official hostess of a chief official, especially of the US president, a state governor or a mayor. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first lieutenant:}{\f0\cf1  an Air Force, Army or Marine Corps officer next below a captain. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first-line troops:}{\f0\cf1 *** troops of prime importance or quality.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first mate: }{\f0\cf1 a merchant ship's officer next in rank below the captain. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #9, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (First Melbourne) 1st Melbourne ACC:}{\f0\cf1  an Advanced Clinical Course given by L. Ron Hubbard from 9 through 30 November 1959 in Melbourne, Australia.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  ACC }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First Melbourne ACC:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  an Advanced Clinical Course given by L. Ron Hubbard from 9 through 30 November 1959 in Melbourne, Australia.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  ACC }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary.\emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Individuation}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First Melbourne ACC:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 First Melbourne Advanced Clinical Course;}{\f0\cf1  given by L. Ron Hubbard in Melbourne, Australia 9 - 30 November 1959. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
 (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First National:}{\f0\cf1  a common name for a bank in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First National:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 First National Bank:}{\f0\cf1  a common name for a bank in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First National Bank:}{\f0\cf1  a common name for a bank in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first postulate:}{\f0\cf1  not-know. For the full theory on the Four Postulates, see }{\f0\ul\cf1 Professional Auditor's Bulletin 66}{\f0\cf1  in the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology. }{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (first saint hill acc) 1st Saint Hill ACC:}{\f0\cf1  an Advanced Clinical Course given by L. Ron Hubbard from 8 August through 16 September 1960, at Saint Hill, England.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  ACC }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. 

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first sergeant: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (US Army)}{\f0\cf1  the senior noncommissioned officer of a company, squadron, etc., responsible for personnel and administration. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first sergeant: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (US Army)}{\f0\cf1  the senior noncommissioned officer of a company, squadron, etc., responsible for personnel and administration. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 first sergeant: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (US Marine Corps)}{\f0\cf1  the senior noncommissioned officer of a company, squadron, etc., responsible for personnel and administration. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First Stage Release:}{\f0\cf1  a person who had been audited up to Grade IV and had had the locks of his reactive mind reduced. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First World War:}{\f0\cf1  the war (1914 - 1918) between the Allies (Great Britain, France, Russia, the US, Italy, Japan, etc.) and the Central Powers (Germany, Austria-Hungary, etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First World War:}{\f0\cf1  the war (1914 - 1918) between the Allies (Great Britain, France, Russia, the US, Italy, Japan, etc.) and the Central Powers (Germany, Austria-Hungary, etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First World War:}{\f0\cf1  the war (1914 - 1918) between the Allies (Great Britain, France, Russia, the US, Italy, Japan, etc.) and the Central Powers (Germany, Austria-Hungary, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First World War:}{\f0\cf1  the war (1914-1918) between the Allies (Great Britain, France, Russia, the US, Italy, Japan, etc.) and the Central Powers (Germany, Austria-Hungary, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 First World War:}{\f0\cf1  the war (1914 - 1918) between the Allies (Great Britain, France, Russia, the US, Italy, Japan, etc.) and the Central Powers (Germany, Austria-Hungary, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish:}{\f0\cf1  grope for, find and bring to view. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish and chips:}{\f0\cf1  fried fish fillets and French fries. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish and fumble:}{\f0\cf1  a method of cleaning a dirty needle. The auditor directs the pc to \ldblquote fish\rdblquote 
 around or look things over. When a specific needle pattern shows up on the needle, he directs the pc's attention to it and continues to do so each time the }{\f0\ul\cf1 same}{\f0\cf1 
 pattern shows up until the pc comes up with some information on it. Using this information the auditor \ldblquote fumbles\rdblquote  around for a }{\f0\ul\cf1 test}{\f0\cf1  W
hat question that produces the specific pattern in question. The auditor then goes after the specific overt and, if necessary, cleans up the chain. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  What question}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fish and fumble:}{\f0\cf1  a method of cleaning a dirty needle. The auditor directs the pc to \ldblquote fish\rdblquote 
 around or look things over. When a specific needle pattern shows up on the needle, he directs the pc's attention to it and continues to do so each time the }{\f0\ul\cf1 same}{\f0\cf1  pattern shows up until the pc comes up
 with some information on it. Using this information the auditor \ldblquote fumbles\rdblquote  around for a }{\f0\ul\cf1 test}{\f0\cf1 
 What question that produces the specific pattern in question. The auditor then goes after the specific overt and, if necessary, cleans up the chain. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  What question}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish and fumble:}{\f0\cf1 *** a method of cleaning a dirty needle. The auditor directs the pc to \ldblquote fish\rdblquote  around or look things over. When a specific needle pattern shows up on the needle, he directs the pc's atten
tion to it and continues to do so each time the }{\f0\ul\cf1 same}{\f0\cf1  pattern shows up until the pc comes up with some information on it. Using this information the auditor \ldblquote fumbles\rdblquote  around for a }{\f0\ul\cf1 test}{\f0\cf1 
 What question that produces the specific pattern in question. The auditor then goes after the specific overt and, if necessary, cleans up the chain. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  What question}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fishbein, Morris:}{\f0\cf1  (1889 - 1976), editor of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Journal of the American Medical Association}{\f0\cf1  (1924 - 1949) and mouthpiece for vested interests in the field of medicine. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fishbein, Morris:}{\f0\cf1  ***(1889 - 1976), editor of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Journal of the American Medical Association}{\f0\cf1  (1924 - 1949) and mouthpiece for vested interests in the field of medicine. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fishbein, Morris:}{\f0\cf1  (1889 - 1976), editor of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Journal of the American Medical Association}{\f0\cf1  (1924 - 49) and mouthpiece for vested interests in the field of medicine. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 5th ACC Vol 2 Gloss
ary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0\cf1 from}{\f0\ul\cf1  Webster's Biographical Dictionary}{\f0\cf1  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 JOS Issue 26-G}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fishcake, Morris:}{\f0\cf1  joking reference to Morris Fishbein, (1889 - 1976), editor of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Journal of the American Medical Association}{\f0\cf1  (1924 - 1949) and mouthpiece for vested interests in the field of medicine. }{
\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fishcake, Morris:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  joking reference to Morris Fishbein, (1889 - 1976), editor of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Journal of the American Medical Association}{\f0\cf1  (1924 - 1949) and mouthpiece for vested 
interests in the field of medicine. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fished out of:}{\f0\cf1  groped for, found and brought to view. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish-end tails:}{\f0\cf1  humorous reference to a swallow-tailed coat, a man's coat for formal wear with an open front and two long, tapering tails. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish-end tails:}{\f0\cf1  humorous reference to a swallow-tailed coat, a man's coat for formal wear with an open front and two long, tapering tails. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish-end tails:}{\f0\cf1 *** humorous reference to a swallow-tailed coat, a man's coat for formal wear with an open front and two long, tapering tails. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fishes out:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (figurative)}{\f0\cf1  gets information by careful inquiry or subtle methods. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fishing:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 finding and bringing to view the areas of mass in the pc's mind by what registers on the meter while the pc is itsa-ing. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 itsa-ing, meter }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 pc }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
How to Manage a Course}{\f0\cf1  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fishing a Cognition:}{\f0\cf1  the name of training drill }{\f0\ul\cf1 Training 13}{\f0\cf1 . }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\f0\cf1 HCOB 11 June 57, TRAINING AND CCH PROCESSES, in the appendix of this volume for data on this drill. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fishing for:}{\f0\cf1  groping for, attempting to find and bring to view. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish, price of:}{\f0\cf1  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul\cf1 the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0\cf1 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish, the price of:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul\cf1 the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0\cf1 etc.)  \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Out-Tech}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish, the price of:}{\f0\cf1  ***the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul\cf1 the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0\cf1 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish, the price of:}{\f0\cf1  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul\cf1 the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0\cf1 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish, the price of:}{\f0\cf1  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul\cf1 the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0\cf1 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish to fry:}{\f0\cf1  things to do that a person falsely considers are more important or profitable. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fish to fry, have other:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  have things to do that a person falsely considers are more important or profitable. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fisk, Jim:}{\f0\cf1  J
ames Fisk (1834 - 1872), American stock-market speculator. He cooperated with a Daniel Drew and Jay Gould in raising the price of gold in 1868. They received a fortune for themselves but caused countrywide depression and the loss of millions to others. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fission: }{\f0\cf1 the act of cleaving or splitting into parts. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Nuclear fission }{\f0\cf1 is the splitting of the nucleus of an atom into nuclei of lighter atoms, accompanied by the release of energy. The word comes from Latin }{
\f0\ul\cf1 fission, }{\f0\cf1  meaning \ldblquote a splitting, dividing.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fission: }{\f0\cf1 the act of cleaving or splitting into parts. Nuclear }{\f0\ul\cf1 fission }{\f0\cf1 is the splitting of the nucleus of an atom into nuclei of lighter atoms, accompanied by the release of energy. The word comes from Latin 
}{\f0\ul\cf1 fission, }{\f0\cf1  meaning \ldblquote a splitting, dividing.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fissionable: }{\f0\cf1 capable of or possessing a nucleus or nuclei capable of undergoing fission. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fission}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fission bomb:}{\f0\cf1  an extremely destructive type of bomb that uses the splitting of atoms to cause an explosion of tremendous force accompanied by a blinding light. Also known as }{\f0\ul\cf1 atomic bomb; A-bomb.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fissure:}{\f0\cf1  a long, narrow, deep opening or crack. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fit:}{\f0\cf1  a condition of extreme anger or upset. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fit:}{\f0\cf1  a sharp, brief display of feeling. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fit:}{\f0\cf1  ***a sudden attack characterized by loss of consciousness or by convulsions. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fit:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (medicine)}{\f0\cf1  a sudden attack in which one loses consciousness or has convulsions or both. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fittings:}{\f0\cf1  things used in fitting up permanently; furnishings; fixtures. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FitzGerald:}{\f0\cf1  George Francis FitzGerald (1851 - 1901), Irish physicist and co-developer, with Hendrick Lorentz, of the Lorentz-FitzGerald contraction. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Lorentz }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 
Lorentz-FitzGerald formulas}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 five-alarm fire:}{\f0\cf1  a fire severe enough to require calling in (alarming) five different fire stations. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 five-and-dime:}{\f0\cf1  a five-and-ten-cent store\'d1a store that sells a wide variety of inexpensive merchandise, originally with many articles priced at five or ten cents. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (Five A) VA:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grade VA Release,}{\f0\cf1  that state attained when bits and pieces of the whole track (which remain after locks, secondaries and engrams are reduced) are cleaned up. Also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Power Plus Release.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 five-card stud:}{\f0\cf1  a card game with wagering where each player is dealt two cards\'d1one, face down and the other, face up. The player with the highest card showing opens the betting. Then a second round of cards is dealt fac
e up, and the player showing the highest combination opens the betting. Play continues in this manner, with betting after each round until each player has five cards (four face up and one face down, known only to him). The best five-card hand wins. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 five-goal Clear:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a person who has had five GPMs run (adddressed and handled in processing). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 GPM}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 processed}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0\cf1  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 five pound notes:}{\f0\cf1  pieces of paper currency equal to 5 pounds in the United Kingdom. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 five pound notes:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  pieces of paper currency equal to 5 pounds, the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom.}{\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 Valences, Circuits}{\f0\cf1 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fiver: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a five-dollar bill. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 five-spot:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 a five-dollar bill. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (Five) V:}{\f0\cf1  severely occluded case. A person who is so far gone he can't even see pictures anymore, he only sees blackness in front of him. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (Five) V:}{\f0\cf1  severely occluded case. A person who is so far gone he can't even see pictures anymore, he only sees blackness in front of him. This is a \ldblquote Step V\rdblquote  in SOP 8. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (Five) V:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology V. See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology V}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (Five) V: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Step V, DED - DEDEX Running,}{\f0\cf1  a step of Standard Operating Procedure for Theta Clearing. See }{\f0\ul\cf1 Procedures for Theta Clearing}{\f0\cf1  in the Appendix for a description of this step.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf2 five-way:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 five-way bracket. See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 bracket }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 five-way bracket}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991

\par }{\b\f0\cf2 five-way bracket:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  a bracket having the following form: You\'d1Terminal; Terminal\'d1You; Terminal\'d1Another; Another\'d1Terminal; Terminal\'d1Terminal. An example of a five-way bracket using }{\f0\ul\cf1 change}{
\f0\cf1  would be: 1. How have you changed something? 2. How has something tried to change you? 3. How has something changed another? 4. How has another changed something? 5. How has something changed? }{\f0\ul\cf1 Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 five-year plan:}{\f0\cf1  any plan for national economic or industrial development specifying goals to be reached within a period of five years, especially as undertaken by the Soviet Union and China. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }
{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fix:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  get even with; punish. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fixated:}{\f0\cf1 *** fastened, attached or placed so as to be firm and not readily movable; firmly implanted; stationary; rigid. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fixated:}{\f0\cf1  had one's attention stuck (on something). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul\cf1 fixation:}{\f0\cf1  a concentration on one idea; an obsession. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul\cf1 fixation:***}{\f0\cf1  a concentration on one idea; an obsession. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Quotes Book Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fixation:}{\f0\cf1  concentration on one idea; an obsession. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fixation:}{\f0\cf1  concentration on one idea; an obsession. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fixed:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  got even with or punished. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 LCDH}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fix (someone) up:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  punish or injure (someone). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fix up (something):}{\f0\cf1  arrange (something) so that it is purposely ignored or forgotten by the police, especially by means of bribery. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fizzled out:}{\f0\cf1  ended feebly or unsuccessfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flabbergasted:}{\f0\cf1  overcome with surprise and bewilderment; astounded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flabbergasted:}{\f0\cf1  overcome with surprise and bewilderment; astounded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flabbergasted:}{\f0\cf1  overcome with surprise and bewilderment; astounded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf2 flabbergasted:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  overcome with surprise and bewilderment; astounded. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flabbergasting:}{\f0\cf1  overcoming with surprise and bewilderment; astounding. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flabbergasts:}{\f0\cf1  overcomes with surprise and bewilderment; astounds. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flabby:}{\f0\cf1  lacking force; weak. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flack:}{\f0\cf1  criticism; hostile reaction; abuse. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and organizations. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and originally designated the Sea Organization Motor Vessel }
{\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Sea Organization}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR 4 Film}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1   a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and at the time of this lecture designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }
{\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 
and originally (and at the time of this lecture) designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }
{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and at the time of this lecture designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and at the time of this lecture designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and originally designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the organization which manages churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and at the time of this lecture designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in their titles, 
including the organization which manages Churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 
and originally (and at the time of this lecture) designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land-based since 1975, have retained the word }
{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 
and originally (and at the time of this lecture) designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }
{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and originally designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. It is where the Flag Executive Briefing Course was initially developed in 1970 - 1971. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Sea Org.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and at the time of this lecture designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in their titles
, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and originally designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in their titles, including the Flag Bureaux which manages Churches in
ternationally. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\cf1 Sea Org}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:***}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and originally designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the organization which manages churches internationally. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Sea Org}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1 *** a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and originally designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the Flag Bureaux which manages Churches internationally. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\cf1 Sea Org}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{
\f0\cf1  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 
and originally (and at the time of this lecture) designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the world 
}{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Sea Org}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a term used in the titles of a number of Sea Organization posts and orgs. The word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  is short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship, }{\f0\cf1 and originally designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches internationally. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Sea Org.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flag:}{\f0\cf1  lose strength; grow weak or tired. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Webster's New World Dictionary, Third College Edition }{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flag:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flag officer,}{\f0\cf1  an officer of high rank in a navy. Such officers are called flag officers because their presence as commanding officers aboard a ship is denoted by a flag. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag Service Organization:}{\f0\cf1  the Scientology service organization that delivers advanced a
uditing levels and the highest training levels available on the planet. It is located in Clearwater, Florida. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flagship. }{\f0\cf1 The term originally designated the Sea Org Motor Vessel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Apollo, }{\f0\cf1 
the flagship of the Sea Organization. The organizations which were aboard this ship, though land based since 1975, have retained the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 
in their titles, including the organization which manages Churches of Scientology internationally, Flag Bureaux. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag Bureaux}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Admin Org: }{\f0\cf1 one of the three orgs Flag was divided into early in 1971. The Flag Admin Org (FAO) was the }{\f0\ul\cf1 service}{\f0\cf1  org. It trained, processed and handled finance.}{\b\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 
See also Flag, Flag Bureaux }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Ship }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux: }{\f0\cf1 that Sea Org management organization which manages orgs internationally and is responsible for their health, viability and expansion. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 Sea Org}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux: }{\f0\cf1 that Sea Org management organization which manages orgs internationally and is responsible for their health, viability and expansion. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux:*** }{\f0\cf1 that Sea Org management organization which manages orgs internationally and is responsible for their health, viability and expansion. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 Sea Org}{
\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux: }{\f0\cf1 the senior Sea Org international management organization at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux: }{\f0\cf1 the senior Sea Org international management organization at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 the senior Sea Org international management organization at the time of the lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux:}{\f0\cf1  the senior Sea Org international management organization at the time of this lecture. }{
\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux:}{\f0\cf1  the senior Sea Org international management organization at the time of this lecture. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  Flag}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux Data Letter: }{\f0\cf1 an issue by a Flag executive with the purpose of informing org and Flag executives. Such issues may contain news, forewarnings of traffic loads, expansions, PR interest items, etc. They a
re numbered and printed in black ink on white paper (formerly blue ink on white paper). Abbreviation }{\f0\ul\cf1 FBDL. See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux Data Letter: }{\f0\cf1 
an issue by a Flag executive with the purpose of informing org and Flag executives. Such issues may contain news, forewarnings of traffic loads, expansions, PR interest items, etc. They are numbered and printed in black ink on white paper (formerly blue i
nk on white paper). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux Data Letter:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 an issue by a Flag executive with the purpose of informing org and Flag executives. Such issues may contain news, forewarnings of traffic loads, expansions, PR interest items, etc. They are numbered and printed in black ink on white paper (formerly blue 
ink on white paper). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux Data Letter: }{\f0\cf1 an issue by a Flag executive with the purpose to inform executives. Such issues may contain news, forew
arnings of traffic loads, expansions, PR interest items, etc. They are numbered and printed in black ink on white paper (formerly blue ink on white paper). Abbreviation }{\f0\ul\cf1 FBDL.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Conditions Order:}{\f0\cf1  a Sea Organization issue type equivalent to a Scientology org HCO Div Order such as an Ethics Order. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Executive Briefing Course}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 (FEBC):}{\f0\cf1  a course which consists of high-level administration technology. It is the C
lass VIII Course for admin. The name, Flag Executive Briefing Course, reflects the fact that this course was initially developed in 1970 - 1971 on Flag. The term \ldblquote FEBC\rdblquote 
 is also used to denote a person who has completed this course. (Example: The Executive Director is an FEBC.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Land Base:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the location of the Flag Service Org and Flag Crew Organization (which operates and maintains facilities for the accommodation of staff and parishioners) in Clearwater, Florida, USA. }{\f0\ul\cf1 
See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Service Org}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag mission:}{\f0\cf1  a formally authorized group of Sea Org members sent by the Flag Bureaux to perform a specific task or duty. It has unlimited ethics powers and its members are called missionaires. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 
Sea Org }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag mission:}{\f0\cf1 *** a formally authorized group of Sea Org members sent by the Flag Bureaux to perform a specific task or duty. It has unlimited ethics powers and its members are called missionaires. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{
\b\f0\ul\cf1 Sea Org }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Operations Liaison Office:***}{\f0\cf1  the continental-level management unit of the Church of Scientology International. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,
}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Orders:}{\f0\cf1  the equivalent to policy letters in the Sea Org. A Flag Order contains policy and sea technical material. It is printed on white paper with black ink and is numbered 
and dated. HCO Policy Letters and Flag Orders are both in effect on Sea Org ships, offices, bases and orgs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flagrant:}{\f0\cf1  glaringly bad; notorious; outrageous.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flagrant: }{\f0\cf1 shockingly noticeable or evident; obvious; glaring. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flagrant:}{\f0\cf1  very bad and obvious. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flagrantly:}{\f0\cf1  in a very bad and obvious manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Representative:}{\f0\cf1 
 the representative of Flag in an org or area. The purpose of the Flag Representative is to safeguard that those actions necessary to the delivery of Scientology by an area or org are implemented and continued and to prevent the destruction of the org by 
omissions, alter-is or counter-intention and to keep Flag abreast of the existing scene so that efficient operation can be directed. The immediate senior of a Flag Representative in any church organization is
 the Continental Flag Representative for that continental zone. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Service Org:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the Scientology service organization that delivers advanced auditing levels and the highest training levels available on the planet. It is located at the Flag Land Base. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{
\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Land Base }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Ship}{\f0\cf1 : one of the three orgs Flag was divided into early in 1971. The Flag Ship Org was the ship itself, ship officers and 
ship crew and domestic services of the ship. The other two orgs were the Flag Bureaux and the Flag Admin Org. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag, Flag Admin Org }{\f0\cf1 and}{\b\f0\cf1  Flag Bureaux}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Ship Org: }{\f0\cf1 
one of the three orgs Flag was divided into early in 1971. The Flag Ship Org was the ship itself, ship officers and ship crew and domestic services of the ship. The other two orgs were the Flag Bureaux and the Flag Admin Org. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{
\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag, Flag Bureaux }{\f0\cf1 and}{\b\f0\cf1  FAO }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flak:}{\f0\cf1  antiaircraft fire, especially as experienced by the crews of combat airplanes at which the fire is directed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flam-bam:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up word used as an exclamation to mean damned or confounded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flames, shooting (one) down in:}{\f0\cf1  showing (an opinion, suggestion, idea, etc.) to be wrong or impossible. From an aircraft being destroyed by enemy bullets. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flames, shoots (everybody) down in:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  destroys (everybody) From an aircraft being destroyed by enemy bullets. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization and Ethics}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flames, shoot (someone) down in:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  destroy (someone). The expression comes from the action of an aircraft being destroyed by enemy bullets. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flames, shoot (someone or something) down in:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  show (a group, person, opinion, suggestion, idea, etc.) to be wrong or impossible. From an aircraft being destroyed by enemy bullets. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Handling the PTS}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flames, shoots (someone) down in:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  destroys (someone). The expression comes from the action of an aircraft being destroyed by enemy bullets. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flaming arrows:}{\f0\cf1  arrows with their tips wrapped with cloth, dipped in pitch or other flammable material and lighted on fire before being shot from a bow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flanders:}{\f0\cf1  a region in northwestern Europe on the North Sea which in general is flat and low. There was continuous fighting in the area during World War I (1914 - 1918) in which parts of it were devastated. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flank: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (military, navy)}{\f0\cf1  the extreme right or left side of an army or fleet, or a subdivision of an army or fleet.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flank:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 flank speed,}{\f0\cf1  the maximum possible speed of a ship. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flank speed:}{\f0\cf1  the maximum possible speed of a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flank-speed:}{\f0\cf1  the maximum possible speed (of a ship). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flank-speed:}{\f0\cf1  the maximum possible speed (of a ship). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flank speed: }{\f0\cf1 the maximum possible speed of a ship. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flap:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  an emergency situation; trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0\cf1  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flap:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a confused, excited or worried state; fuss. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flapjacks: }{\f0\cf1 pancakes; thin, flat cakes of batter fried on a flat metal pan. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flaps:}{\f0\cf1  emergency situations; trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flare:}{\f0\cf1  erupt into emphatic emotion or activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flare up: }{\f0\cf1 begin again suddenly, especially for a short time after a quiet time. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flash:}{\f0\cf1  come or pass swiftly and suddenly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash:}{\f0\cf1  have something suddenly burst into one's perception or view. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash:}{\f0\cf1  something which distinguishes. It is derived from the military use of the word as a colored patch of cloth on a uniform, etc., such as distinguishing emblems of units, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status I Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash:}{\f0\cf1  something which distinguishes. It is derived from the military use of the word as a colored patch of cloth on a uniform, etc., such as distinguishing emblems of units, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash:}{\f0\cf1  something which distinguishes. It is derived from the military use of the word as a colored patch of cloth on a uniform, etc., such as distinguishing emblems of units, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-12}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  something which distinguishes. It is derived from the military use of the word as a colored patch of cloth on a uniform, etc., such as distinguishing emblems of units, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Promotion and Registration}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash-answer:}{\f0\cf1  of or characteristic of a first flash response. The }{\f0\ul\cf1 flash answer}{\f0\cf1  is an instantaneous reply, the first thing that flashes into the preclear's mind at the snap of the auditor's fingers.\emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash answer:}{\f0\cf1  the first thing which comes into a person's head when a question is asked of him. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash answer:}{\f0\cf1  the first thing which comes into a person's head when a question is asked of him. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash answers: }{\f0\cf1 instantaneous replies, the first things that flash into the preclear's mind at the snap of the auditor's fingers upon asking a question. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flashback:}{\f0\cf1  an explosion (as of a gas or gunpowder) back to a position where it is not expected or not wanted. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flashback:}{\f0\cf1  a variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 backflash. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 backflash}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flashback:}{\f0\cf1  a variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 backlash,}{\f0\cf1  a sudden, forceful backward movement; a recoil. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flashback:}{\f0\cf1  a variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 backlash,}{\f0\cf1  a sudden, forceful backward movement; a recoil. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash back:}{\f0\cf1  give an outburst of protest or angry rebuke caused by a previous statement, criticism, or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash back:}{\f0\cf1  give unnecessary responses to an order, also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 backflash.}{\f0\cf1  This can get fairly wicked. They are not acknowledgments, they are comments or refutals. Example: \ldblquote Sell the bricks\rdblquote 
 as an order, is replied to by \ldblquote Bricks are hard to sell\rdblquote  or \ldblquote We should have sold them yesterday.\rdblquote  This is a disease peculiar to only a few 
staff members. They cannot receive an order directly and are seeking to be part of the communication, not the recipient. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash back:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  hit or jump back with speed and force. Also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 backflashing. \emdash 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash back:}{\f0\cf1  hit or jump back with speed and force. Also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 backflash. \emdash SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash-back:}{\f0\cf1  (of a flame consuming combustible gas) to move back through the current of gas and burn at a point nearer the source than is desired. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flashbacks:***}{\f0\cf1  unnecessary responses to an order, also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 backflash.}{\f0\cf1  This can get fairly wicked. They are not acknowledgments, they are comments or refutals. Example: \ldblquote Sell the bricks\rdblquote 
 as an order, is replied to by \ldblquote Bricks are hard to sell\rdblquote  or \ldblquote We should have sold them yesterday.\rdblquote  This is a disease peculiar to only a few staff members. They cannot receive an order directly and are s
eeking to be part of the communication, not the recipient. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flashboard:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word for a board in the preclear's mind that flashes answers or directions to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flashed:}{\f0\cf1  moved or passed swiftly and suddenly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flash-marked: }{\f0\cf1  marked with stripes symbolizing types of explosives. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear. No longer producing change or a reaction.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat: }{\f0\cf1 discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear. No longer producing change or a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1 *** discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear. No longer producing change or a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear (or to the student, in the case of a drill). No longer producing change or a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  no longer producing change or a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  no longer producing change or a reaction, said of a process or question that has been discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  no longer producing change or a reaction; said of a process or question that has been discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  no longer producing change or a reaction; said of a process or question that has been discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  no longer showing any change or reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat: }{\f0\cf1 of an electric battery: run down, (fully) discharged. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  said of a process or question that has been discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear. No longer producing change or a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat:}{\f0\cf1  until it is no longer producing change or a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat broke: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  entirely without funds: completely and utterly broke. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat-footed, caught: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  caught unprepared; taken by surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat-footed, caught: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  caught unprepared; taken by surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat-footedly:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  plainly and firmly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat-out:}{\f0\cf1  absolute; outright.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat-out:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  absolutely; thoroughly; definitely. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 22.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flat-out:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  absolutely; thoroughly; definitely. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The A
natomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flat-out: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  at full speed, with maximum effort, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat-out: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  moving or working at top speed or with maximum effort; all-out. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flat-out:}{\f0\cf1  moving or working at top speed or with maximum effort. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Then for the QEO flat-out had better establish it to do so.}{\f0\cf1   \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatten:}{\f0\cf1  carry on with (a process or question) until it no longer produces a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatten:}{\f0\cf1  carry on with (a process or question) until it no longer produces a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatten:}{\f0\cf1  carry on with (a process or question) until it no longer produces a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatten:}{\f0\cf1  carry on with (a process or question) until it no longer produces a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatten:}{\f0\cf1  carry on with (a process or question) until it no longer produces a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 LCDH}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatten:}{\f0\cf1  carry on with (a process or question) until it no longer produces a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatten:}{\f0\cf1  carry on with (a process or question) until it no longer produces a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR 4 Film}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatten (a) comm lag:}{\f0\cf1  continue a process until the preclear answers after a uniform period of time at least three times. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flattened:}{\f0\cf1  carried on with (a question or process) until it no longer produced a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flattening:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  carrying on with (a process or question) until it no longer produces a reaction. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Valences, Circuits}{\f0\cf1 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flattens:}{\f0\cf1  stops producing a reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatter than a flounder:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a coined phrase meaning very flat (discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear; no longer producing change or a reaction). A }{\f0\ul\cf1 flounder}{\f0\cf1  is a small, edible flatfish. }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatter than a flounder:}{\f0\cf1  a coined phrase meaning very flat (in this case, discharged of all bad reactions to the preclear; no longer producing change or a reaction). A }{\f0\ul\cf1 flounder}{\f0\cf1  is a small, edible flatfish. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatter than a flounder:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (figurative) }{\f0\cf1 very flat. A flounder is a type of fish with a flat body and both eyes on the top side. }{\f0\ul\cf1 
You can knock a pc flatter than a flounder if you don't know how to list and null exactly right.}{\f0\cf1   \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #12, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flatulence:}{\f0\cf1  the presence of excessive gas in the digestive tract. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 V: }{\f0\cf1 short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Case Level V. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Case Level V}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 V:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Case V:}{\f0\cf1 
 a heavily occluded case (one whose memories are usually largely hidden or made unavailable to conscious recall) characterized by mental pictures consisting of masses of blackness. At the time of this lecture, there was an auditing procedure wherein the a
uditor tested the preclear at each step of the process to find a step the preclear could do and then began processing at that step. A }{\f0\ul\cf1 Case V}{\f0\cf1  was a person who had to be started at Step V of that procedure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Perception of Truth}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 V:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Case V. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Case V}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul FLE - FOR
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road: }{\f0 L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road:}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road:}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road:}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the East Coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road:}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing in 1950. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road: }{\f0 L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road:}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road:}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road: }{\f0 L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road:}{\f0 *** the address of L. Ron Hubbard's home in 1950, where he gave instruction in Dianetics. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 42 Aberdeen Road, Elizabeth, New Jersey:}{\f0 
 the address of L. Ron Hubbard's home in 1950, where he gave instruction in Dianetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42nd and Broadway:}{\f0  a busy street corner in the heart of New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42nd and Broadway:}{\f0  a busy street corner in the heart of New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42nd Street:}{\f0  a busy street in the heart of New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 42nd Street:}{\f0  a busy street in the heart of New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 .45:}{\f0  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 .45:}{\f0  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 .45:}{\f0  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 .45:}{\f0  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul .45:}{\f0  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 .45 automatic:}{\f0  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 .45-caliber pistol:}{\f0  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 45 degrees:}{\f0  the measurement of an angle, half the size of a 90 degree right angle (the angle made by the meeting of two straight lines perpendicular to each other). [DIAGRAM] \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 flea-bitten: }{\f0 wretched; shabby; decrepit. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 fleet:}{\f0  the entire naval force of a country; navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Fleet Street:}{\f0  ***an old street in central London, where several newspaper and printing offices are located. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Fleet Street:}{\f0  an old street in central London, where several newspaper and printing offices are located. It is now synonymous with journalism and the newspaper world. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Fleming, Ian:}{\f0  (1908 - 1964) English author of crime and adventure fiction. The hero of most of his novels is James Bond, a secret agent for British Intelligence. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Fleming, Ian:}{\f0  (1908 - 1964) English author of crime and adventure fiction. The hero of most of his novels is James Bond, a secret agent for British Intelligence. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Fleming, Ian:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  (1908 - 1964) English author of crime and adventure fiction. The hero of most of his novels is James Bond, a secret agent for British Intelligence. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization and Ethics}{\f0\cf1 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flemish:}{\f0\cf1  of or belonging to Flanders, an ancient countship (the domain or jurisdiction of a count) now divided between Belgium, France and Holland. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flemish school:}{\f0\cf1 
 an art school pioneered in the 1300s by Hubert and Jan van Eyck. The colors were very finely graded and the pictures had a smooth glossy surface. The Flemish artists paid careful attention to effects of light and shade, with subtle variations to
 show how light falls from a single source upon the objects of the room. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fleshbroker:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a pimp (a person who lends himself to some corrupting or corrupt activity). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flesh, in the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  in real life; in bodily form, not in a picture or photograph. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flexes: }{\f0\cf1 flexible insulated electric cords. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flexion:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (anatomy)}{\f0\cf1  the bending of a joint or limb. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flibbertigibbet:}{\f0\cf1  a flighty or frivolous woman. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flicker:}{\f0\cf1  a look or feeling that comes and goes quickly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flicker:}{\f0\cf1  movement with quick, light, wavering motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flicker-flack:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flicker,}{\f0\cf1  to burn or shine unsteadily, as a candle in the wind. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flicker-flack:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flicker,}{\f0\cf1  to burn or shine unsteadily, as a candle in the wind. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flickering:}{\f0\cf1  moving with a quick, light, wavering motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flickety-flock:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flick,}{\f0\cf1  a light, quick stroke, jerk, or snap. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flick-flack:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flick,}{\f0\cf1  a light and rapid movement. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flick-flack:}{\f0\cf1  a coined term from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flicker,}{\f0\cf1  to burn or shine unsteadily, as a candle in the wind. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flight: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (figurative)}{\f0\cf1  the act or fact of soaring above or beyond what is ordinary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flight plan:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a statement of the destination, route, altitude and other details of a proposed flight which a pilot usually must submit to a controlling agency. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Your Scientology Organizations}{
\f0\cf1  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flighty:}{\f0\cf1  not properly serious; silly or irresponsible. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flimflammed:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  tricked, swindled or cheated. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flimsy: }{\f0\cf1 ill-conceived and inadequate; not effective or convincing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Money Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flinders:}{\f0\cf1  fragments, pieces or splinters. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flinders, busted to:}{\f0\cf1  broken into fragments, pieces or splinters. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }
{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flint:}{\f0\cf1  a fine-g
rained, very hard rock, usually gray, that produces sparks when struck with steel, and that breaks into pieces with sharp cutting edges. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flint:}{\f0\cf1  a very hard rock that breaks with sharp cutting edges. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flintlock:}{\f0\cf1  a gunlock (firing mechanism in some old guns) in which a flint in the hammer strikes a metal plate to produce a spark that ignites the powder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How to Present Scientology to the World Part II Glossary.}
{\f0\cf1  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flintlock:}{\f0\cf1  an old-fashioned gun in which a flint in the hammer strikes a metal plate to produce a spark that ignites the powder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flintlock:}{\f0\cf1  an old-fashioned gun in which a flint in the hammer strikes a metal plate to produce a spark that ignites the powder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flintlocks:}{\f0\cf1  old-fashioned guns in which a flint in the hammer strikes a metal plate to produce a spark that ignites the powder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flintlocks:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  old-fashioned guns in which a flint in the hammer strikes a metal plate to produce a spark that ignites the powder. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flip:}{\f0\cf1  arouse a sense of wonder; overwhelm. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flip-flap: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  make a sudden or unexpected reversal, as of direction, belief, attitude or policy. Variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 flip-flop.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flip-flops: }{\f0\cf1 backward somersaults. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flip (one's) wig:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 lose (one's) self-control; go berserk. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flippant:}{\f0\cf1  joking or trying to be funny when one should be more serious or show more respect. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flipped: }{\f0\cf1 caused (one) to respond with enthusiasm; gave great pleasure to. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flipped:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  become insane or irrational. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flipped his lid:}{\f0\cf1  lost his sanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flipperoo:}{\f0\cf1  ***a coined word from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flip}{\f0\cf1  (a somersault, especially one performed in the air), and }{\f0\ul\cf1 -eroo}{\f0\cf1  (a humorous slang suffix added to nouns). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flipperoo:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flip}{\f0\cf1  (a somersault, especially one performed in the air), and }{\f0\ul\cf1 -eroo}{\f0\cf1 
 (a humorous slang suffix added to nouns). Used figuratively to mean a complete turnaround (as if one had done a flip). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flipperoo:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flip}{\f0\cf1  (a somersault, especially one performed in the air), and }{\f0\ul\cf1 -eroo}{\f0\cf1  (a humorous slang suffix added to nouns). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flipperoo:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flip}{\f0\cf1  (a somersault, especially one performed in the air), and }{\f0\ul\cf1 -eroo}{\f0\cf1  (a humorous slang suffix added to nouns). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flipperoo:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flip}{\f0\cf1  (a somersault, especially one performed in the air), and }{\f0\ul\cf1 -eroo}{\f0\cf1 
 (a humorous slang suffix added to nouns). Used figuratively in this lecture to mean a complete turnaround (as if one had done a flip). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flipping:}{\f0\cf1  tossing or putting in motion with a sudden impulse, as with a snap of a finger and thumb, especially so as to cause to turn over in the air. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Money Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flips: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 makes (one) behave irrationally or go insane. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flips (one's) lid:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 shows great anger; loses self-control. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flip their lids:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  lose self-control; go berserk. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flirt:}{\f0\cf1  a quick jerky movement. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flit:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for a medical instrument. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flit gun:}{\f0\cf1  a hand-held, pump-action sprayer for liquid insecticide. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flit guns:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  hand-held, pump action sprayers for liquid insecticide.   \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Out-Tech}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flit guns:}{\f0\cf1  hand-held, pump action sprayers for liquid insecticide. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flitter:}{\f0\cf1  a flow of little golden sparks emanated by a thetan. It is put out on a 360 degree sphere. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flitter:}{\f0\cf1  a flow of little golden sparks emanated by a thetan. It is put out on a 360 degree sphere. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floater:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a person who changes his or her place of residence or work at frequent intervals; drifter; especially a transient laborer. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floating:}{\f0\cf1  issuing on the stock market (the place where stocks and bonds are regularly sold) in order to raise money. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floating needle:}{\f0\cf1  (abbreviated }{\f0\ul\cf1 F/N}{\f0\cf1 
) a manifestation seen on the E-Meter which accompanies the end phenomena of a process or action. It is a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing excep
t perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). It indicates that there is no remaining charge on the subject or area that is under discussion. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 end phenomena}{\f0\cf1 
 and }{\b\f0\cf1 charge}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  May 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floating needle:}{\f0\cf1 
 a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A floati
ng needle is one of the parts of the end phenomena (process completion) for any process or action. Also called a free needle.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floating needle:}{\f0\cf1 
 a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). Also cal
led a free needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floating needle:}{\f0\cf1  a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the ne
edle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A floating needle is one of the parts of the end phenomena (process completi
on) for any process or action. Also called a free needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floating needle:}{\f0\cf1  a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except 
perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A floating needle is one of the parts of the end phenomena (process completion) for any process or action. Also called a free needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-9}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flobbling:}{\f0\cf1  moving heavily or clumsily, with a dull, heavy sound. A variant of the word }{\f0\ul\cf1 flop.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flock:}{\f0\cf1  any group, especially a large one. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flogged: }{\f0\cf1 beaten, or punished by being beaten, with a strap, stick, whip, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flogged: }{\f0\cf1 beaten, or punished by being beaten, with a strap, stick, whip, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flogwheels:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up word coined from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flog,}{\f0\cf1  to beat with a stick, whip etc., and }{
\f0\ul\cf1 wheels. \emdash SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floob:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word combining flub (a mistake or blunder) and boob (a stupid or foolish person). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floob:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word combining flub (a mistake or blunder) and boob (a stupid or foolish person). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flood light:}{\f0\cf1  a lamp that gives a broad beam of light. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floor:}{\f0\cf1  ***the part of a room or hall where members of a law-making body, etc., sit, and from which they speak. When someone or something is \ldblquote on the floor,\rdblquote 
 it is that which has the right or privilege to speak or be spoken about. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floor:}{\f0\cf1  the part of a room or hall where members of a law-making body, etc., sit, and from which they speak. When someone or something is \ldblquote on the floor,\rdblquote 
 it is that which has the right or privilege to speak or be spoken about. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flooring:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  making unable to act, as by shocking or confusing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flop: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  fail. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flopped: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  failed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flopped:}{\f0\cf1  fallen or plumped down suddenly, especially with noise; dropped or turned with a sudden bump or thud. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floppy: }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  flopping or inclined to flop (move around loosely). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flops:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  fails. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flora:}{\f0\cf1  the plants of a particular region or period. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0\cf1  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Florida:}{\f0\cf1  southeasternmost state of the United States, mostly on a peninsula between the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 florins:}{\f0\cf1  any of various European or South African silver or gold coins. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 florins:}{\f0\cf1  any of various European or South African silver or gold coins. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flotsam and jetsam:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  transient, unemployed people. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flotsam and jetsam: }{\f0\cf1 transient, unemployed people. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flounced:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1 went with impatient or impetuous, exaggerated movements. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flounder, deader than a:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 very dead, completely and absolutely nonresponsive. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul\cf1 deader than a doornail, deader than a herring }{\f0\cf1 
etc.)  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 floundering:}{\f0\cf1  struggling awkwardly to move, as in deep mud or snow; plunging about in a stumbling manner. Used figuratively in this film. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flounder, out like a:}{\f0\cf1  in a faint; unconscious. (}{\f0\ul\cf1 Flounder}{\f0\cf1  is a slang term for the corpse of a drowned man.) \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flourish:}{\f0\cf1  grow strongly; be successful or healthy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flout:}{\f0\cf1  disobey openly and scornfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flouted: }{\f0\cf1 showed contempt or scorn for. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{
\b\f0\ul\cf1 terminals}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from Point A to Point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-10}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from Point A to Point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1 
*** a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from Point A to Point B. There are four specific flows defined in Scientology a
nd used in Scientology counseling: }{\f0\ul\cf1 flow one, }{\f0\cf1 something happening to self; }{\f0\ul\cf1 flow two, }{\f0\cf1 doing something to another; }{\f0\ul\cf1 flow three, }{\f0\cf1 others doing things to others; }{\f0\ul\cf1 flow zero, }{
\f0\cf1 self doing something to self. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points; an impulse or direction of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progress of particles or impulses or waves from point A to point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flow:***}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points.\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flow:}{\f0\cf1  a progress of energy between two points. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Flow Balancing:}{\f0\cf1  same as }{\f0\ul\cf1 Give and Take Processing. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Give and Take Processing}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flower:}{\f0\cf1  the finest or most flourishing period. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flown in (someone's) face:}{\f0\cf1  acted in defiance of (someone); from the expression }{\f0\ul\cf1 
fly in the face of,}{\f0\cf1  meaning to act in defiance of (authority, custom, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #11, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flows:}{\f0\cf1  progresses of en
ergy between two points; impulses or directions of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progresses of particles or impulses or waves from Point A to Point B. The four flows used in processing are: flow one, something happening to s
elf; flow two, doing something to another; flow three, others doing things to others; flow zero, self doing something to self. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flows:}{\f0\cf1  progresses of energy between two points; impulses or directions of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progresses of particles or impulses or waves from Point A to Point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flows:}{\f0\cf1  progresses of energy between two points; impulses or directions of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progresses of particles or impulses or waves from Point A to Point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flows:}{\f0\cf1  progresses of energy between two points; impulses or directions of energy particles or thought or masses between terminals; the progresses of particles or impulses or waves from Point A to Point B. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flows: }{\f0\cf1 progresses of energy between two points. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flows assessment:}{\f0\cf1 
 an assessment of flows used in 3D Criss Cross. At the time of the lecture, the 8 flows used by auditors were: permissible outflow, permissible inflow, enforced outflow, enforced inflow, prohibited outflow, prohibited inflow, inhibited outflow, inhibited 
inflow. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  flows}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 3D Criss Cross}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Floyd, Pretty Boy:}{\f0\cf1  Charles Arthur Floyd (1901 - 1934), US bank robber and murderer. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Floyd, Pretty Boy:}{\f0\cf1  Charles Arthur Floyd (1901 - 1934), US bank robber and murderer. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Floyd, Pretty Boy:}{\f0\cf1  Charles Arthur Floyd (1901 - 1934), US bank robber and murderer. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flub: ***(colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flub: (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flub:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf2 flub:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flub:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flub:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flub:***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR7 Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 15 Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flub:}{\b\f0\cf1 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR 7, Upper Indoc TRs Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved 14-11-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flub: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  make a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flub: (informal)}{\f0\cf1  mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flub: (informal)}{\f0\cf1  mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubbed the dub:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (World War II army slang)}{\f0\cf1  failed by blundering; ruined (one's) best chances. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubbed the dub:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (World War II army slang)}{\f0\cf1  failed by blundering; ruined one's best chances. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubber-jubber:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up term coined from }{\f0\ul\cf1 flub,}{\f0\cf1  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubbers:}{\f0\cf1 *** people who perform poorly; those who blunder; bunglers. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubbing:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  making a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubbing:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  making mistakes or blundering. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubbing:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  making mistakes or blundering. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flubbing:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  making mistakes or blundering. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubbing the dub: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (World War II army slang)}{\f0\cf1  fail by blundering; ruin one's best chances. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubbing the dub:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (World War II army slang)}{\f0\cf1  failing by blundering; ruining (one's) best chances. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Individuation}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flub catch:}{\f0\cf1  the investigatory and corrective actions done to ensure standard technical application th
rough the review of preclear folders and FESes. In doing this action out-tech is detected and based on the errors found, precise actions are taken to get the technical application standard once again.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 preclear}{
\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 FES}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR 4 Film}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flub catch handlings:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the action of getting folder error summaries (putting pc folders in sequence and then listing all errors in them) carefully done to detect areas of out-tech in the world. \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubdub:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  incompetent, awkward or blundering. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flub out:}{\f0\cf1  drop or fade out. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubs:}{\f0\cf1 *** }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  mistakes or blunders. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flubs:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  mistakes or blunders. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluently:***}{\f0\cf1  so as to be able to write or speak easily, smoothly and expressively. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluid:}{\f0\cf1 *** changing readily; shifting; not fixed, stable or rigid. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluke: }{\f0\cf1 a result, especially a successful one, brought about by accident; stroke of luck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluke:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\ul\cf1  (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a result, especially a successful one, brought about by accident; a stroke of luck.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Five Conditions}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluke:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a strange bit of luck, good or bad. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fluke: }{\f0\cf1 extraordinary and unpredictable. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 flukes:}{\f0\cf1  accidental advantages; strokes of good luck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Problems of Work Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluky: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  resulting from chance rather than skill or design. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluky: }{\f0\cf1 uncertain. }{\f0\ul\cf1 And now you, as an auditor, put the guy into a review session and it's sort of packed up and it's fluky and the needle is doing this, that or the other thing.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Class VIII #11, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluky mug:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  an uncertain fool, dupe or simpleton. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flumdumptious:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word meaning nonsensical, foolish. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flumph:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up designation for a date. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flumph:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up word for a date. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flumping:}{\f0\cf1  dropping or moving heavily and noisily. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flumping:}{\f0\cf1  dropping or moving heavily and noisily. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flumping:}{\f0\cf1  falling or moving heavily with a dull noise. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flumping:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  falling or moving heavily with a dull noise. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flunk:***}{\f0\cf1  failure on a course or examination or checkout. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 checkout}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flunk:}{\f0\cf1  make a mistake; fail to apply the materials learned. Opposite of }{\f0\ul\cf1 pass. }{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flunk:}{\f0\cf1  make a mistake; fail to apply the materials learned. Used in training drills, the coach says \ldblquote Flunk\rdblquote  when the student makes a mistake or incorrectly applies his materials. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flunk}{\f0\cf1 
 is the opposite of }{\f0\ul\cf1 pass. }{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 flunk:}{\f0\cf1  make a mistake; fail to apply the materials learned. Used in training drills, the coach says \ldblquote Flunk\rdblquote  when the student makes a mistake or incorrectly applies his materials. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flunk}{\f0\cf1 
 is the opposite of }{\f0\ul\cf1 pass. }{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flush: }{\f0\cf1 the reddening of the skin caused by a rush of blood; also, the rush of blood itself. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flushed:}{\f0\cf1  revealed; brought into the open; driven out. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flushes, hot:}{\f0\cf1  sensations of waves of heat passing over the body, often experienced by women during menopause. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluster:}{\f0\cf1  make or become confused or nervous. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fluster:}{\f0\cf1  make or become confused or nervous. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flute: }{\f0\cf1 a high-pitched wind instrument consisting of a long, slender tube with finger holes and keys, played by blowing across a hole near one end. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-9A}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flute:}{\f0\cf1 ***}{\b\f0\cf1  }{\f0\cf1 a high-pitched wind instrument consisting of a long, slender tube with finger holes and keys, played by blowing across a hole near one end. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM 9A Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (app. 25 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly-by-night:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  not lasting; brief; impermanent; transitory. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Org Board and Livingness}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly-by-night:}{\f0\cf1  not lasting; brief; impermanent; transitory. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly by the seat of (one's) pants:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  fly an airplane by feel and instinct rather than with the help of the instruments.  }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly by the seat of (one's) pants:}{\f0\ul\cf1  (slang)}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with proceeding or working by instinct and improvisation, without formal guides or instructive experience. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly cops: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (from middle 1800s British)}{\f0\cf1  detectives; plainclothes police officers. Probably from the slang word }{\f0\ul\cf1 fly}{\f0\cf1  \ldblquote clever; shrewd,\rdblquote 
 because of the presumed intelligence of detectives. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly cops: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (from middle 1800s British)}{\f0\cf1  detectives; plainclothes police officers. Probably from the slang word }{\f0\ul\cf1 fly}{\f0\cf1  \ldblquote clever; shrewd,\rdblquote 
 because of the presumed intelligence of detectives. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly cops:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 ***(from middle 1800s British)}{\f0\cf1  detectives; plainclothes police officers. Probably from the slang word }{\f0\ul\cf1 fly}{\f0\cf1  \ldblquote clever; shrewd,\rdblquote 
 because of the presumed intelligence of detectives. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 cop}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying:}{\f0\cf1  moving or going swiftly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying:***}{\f0\cf1  moving or going swiftly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying a rud: }{\f0\cf1 the addressing (taking up) and handling of a rudiment (a step or action used to get the pc in shape to be audited) by taking his attention off any current u
psets or worries or other distractions that might make it difficult for him to be audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying into the face of:}{\f0\cf1  acting in defiance of (authority, custom, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying of ruds:}{\f0\cf1 
 the addressing (taking up) and handling of rudiments (those steps or actions used to get the pc in shape to be audited) by taking his attention off any current upsets or worries or other distractions that might make it difficult for him to be audited. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying right: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  being honest and useful; doing the ethically or socially proper thing; living or acting according to ethical standards. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying right: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  being honest and useful; doing the ethically or socially proper thing; living or acting according to ethical standards. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying right: }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  honest and useful; doing the ethically or socially proper thing; living or acting according to ethical standards. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying saucer:}{\f0\cf1  a disklike flying object commonly believed to be a spacecraft from another planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying saucer:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a disklike flying object commonly believed to be a spacecraft from another planet.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization and Ethics}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flying saucer:}{\f0\cf1  a disklike flying object commonly believed to be a spacecraft from another planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly in the face of:}{\f0\cf1  act in defiance of (authority, custom, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0\cf1  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fly, on the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  while in flight. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fly, on the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  hastily in passing; without preparation or forethought. \emdash }
{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly-shoes:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up term for shoes which would work like the pads on the bottom of a fly's feet. When the fly walks on a smooth place the pads flatten out against the surface so closely that they 
hold on. Due to this a fly can even walk upside down on a ceiling without falling. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly-speck:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  any small spot. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fly the flag:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  support and represent opinions, ideas, etc., that one believes in strongly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Promotion and Registration}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fly Trap:}{\f0\cf1  a theta trap, also called the \ldblquote Bubble Gum\rdblquote  incident, because every time a thetan pushes against it, it pushes back and it finally gives him an obsession about motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Histor
y of Man Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 flywheel:}{\f0\cf1  a heavy wheel for regulating the speed and uniformity of motion of the machine to which it is attached. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #2, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FMA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 M}{\f0\cf1 aster at }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 rms. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FMA:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 M}{\f0\cf1 aster at }{\f0\ul\cf1 A}{\f0\cf1 rms. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 MAA }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Auditor Administration (7 April 1972)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FMO:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 M}{\f0\cf1 ission }{\f0\ul\cf1 O}{\f0\cf1 rder, mission orders for Flag missions, distributed only to those concerned. Usually confidential. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 F/N:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 floating needle, }{\f0\cf1 
a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A floatin
g needle is one of the parts of the end phenomena (process completion) for any process or action. Also called a free needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 F/N:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 f}{\f0\cf1 loating }{\f0\ul\cf1 n}{\f0\cf1 
eedle, a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A 
floating needle is one of the parts of the end phenomena (process completion) for any process or action. Also called a free needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 F/N:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 f}{\f0\cf1 loating }{\f0\ul\cf1 n}{\f0\cf1 
eedle, a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A 
floating needle is one of the parts of the end phenomena (process completion) for any process or action. Also called a free needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 F/N:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 floating needle, }{\f0\cf1 
a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A floatin
g needle is one of the parts of the end phenomena (process completion) for any process or action. Also called a free needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 F/N:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 f}{\f0\cf1 loating }{\f0\ul\cf1 n}{\f0\cf1 
eedle; a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A 
floating needle is one of the parts of the end phenomena for any process or action. Also called a free needle. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 end phenomena }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 F/N:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 f}{\f0\cf1 loating }{\f0\ul\cf1 n}{\f0\cf1 eedle, a rhythmic sweep of the E-Meter 
dial at a slow, even pace of the needle, back and forth, back and forth, without change in the width of the swing except perhaps to widen as the pc gets off the last small bits of charge (harmful energy or force). A floating needle is one of the parts of 
the end phenomena (process completion) for any process or action. Also called a free needle. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 F/N:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 floating needle. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 floating needle}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FO: }{\f0\cf1 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 O}{\f0\cf1 
rder; the equivalent to a policy letter in the Sea Org. A Flag Order contains policy and sea technical material. It is printed on white paper with black ink and is numbered and dated. HCO Policy Letters and Flag Orders are both in effect on Sea Org ships,
 offices, bases and orgs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FO: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 O}{\f0\cf1 rder, the equivalent to a policy letter in the Sea Org. A Flag Order contains policy and sea technical material. It is printed on white paper w
ith black ink and is numbered and dated. HCO Policy Letters and Flag Orders are both in effect on Sea Org ships, offices, bases and orgs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 focalize:}{\f0\cf1  to bring or come to a focus. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fodder: }{\f0\cf1 coarse food for cattle, horses, sheep, etc., as cornstalks, hay and straw. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fodder:}{\f0\cf1 *** food in general. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fodder:***}{\f0\cf1  food in general. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fodder:}{\f0\cf1  raw material. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foe:}{\f0\cf1 *** a thing that is harmful to or destructive of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fogged up:}{\f0\cf1  in a state of mental confusion or unawareness; in a daze or stupor. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fogged up:}{\f0\cf1  in a state of mental confusion or unawareness; in a daze or stupor. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NED}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fogging around:}{\f0\cf1 *** }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  dazed; confused; baffled; perplexed. Variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 in a fog.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foggy:}{\f0\cf1  bewildered; perplexed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foggy:}{\f0\cf1  bewildered; perplexed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 foggy:}{\f0\cf1  bewildered; perplexed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foggy:}{\f0\cf1  dim; blurred; clouded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foggy:}{\f0\cf1  not clear; dim; blurred. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foggy:***}{\f0\cf1  not clear; dim; blurred. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fog, in a:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  dazed; confused; baffled; perplexed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fog, in a:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  dazed; confused; baffled; perplexed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fog, in a:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  feeling confused or unsure of what one is doing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fog nozzle:}{\f0\cf1  a projecting spout on a fire hose through which the water comes out at a high velocity in a fog. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fog out:}{\f0\cf1  go into a state of mental confusion or unawareness, a daze or a stupor. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foibles:}{\f0\cf1  minor weaknesses or failings of character; slight flaws or defects. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foist:}{\f0\cf1  force upon or impose fraudulently or unjustifiably. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foisted off: }{\f0\cf1 passed off (something false) as genuine; imposed by fraud; palmed off. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 foister:}{\f0\cf1  cause a person to accept (something inferior or unwelcome or undeserved). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 foist (their opinions) off:}{\f0\cf1  pass off (something false) as genuine; impose by fraud; palm off. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fokker:}{\f0\cf1  a World War I, German fighter plane known for its fast-climbing abilities and forward-firing machine gun. It was designed by Dutch aircraft designer Anthony Herman Gerard Fokker (1890 - 1939). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Folcke-Wulf:}{\f0\cf1  a German company which produced, up to 1939, the most successful helicopter. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fold:}{\f0\cf1  break down; collapse. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folded up:}{\f0\cf1  ceased to function. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folded up:}{\f0\cf1  lost effect and energy; wilted; faded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folder:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 pc folder;}{\f0\cf1  a record of all the auditing actions and other handlings taken on a preclear. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folding up:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  failing completely; coming to a halt; closing up.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk to SH and WW Ethics Officers}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folds up:}{\f0\cf1  ceases to function. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 LCDH}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folds up:}{\f0\cf1  ceases to function. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folds up:}{\f0\cf1  ceases to function. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folds up:}{\f0\cf1  ceases to function. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fold up:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal) }{\f0\cf1 break down, collapse; fail. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Future Org Trends}{\f0\cf1  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fold up:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  cease to function. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fold up:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  cease to function. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folic acid:}{\f0\cf1  a vitamin important in the formation of red blood cells. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 folly:***}{\f0\cf1  a lack of sense or sensible conduct; foolishness. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 folly:}{\f0\cf1  foolishness. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Oxford American Dictionary.}{\f0\cf1  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FOLO:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag}{\f0\ul\cf1  O}{\f0\cf1 perations}{\f0\ul\cf1  L}{\f0\cf1 iaison}{\f0\ul\cf1  O}{\f0\cf1 
ffice: the continental-level management unit of the Church of Scientology International. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FOLO:***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Flag Operations Liaison Office. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Flag Operations Liaison Office}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FOLO:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 O}{\f0\cf1 perations }{\f0\ul\cf1 L}{\f0\cf1 iaison }{\f0\ul\cf1 O}{\f0\cf1 ffice, the continental-level management unit of Church of Scientology International.}{
\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1 It is a department in a Continental Liaison Office which deals with the execution of planning and programs issued to it by or through the Flag Bureaux. Their major purpose
 is to see that Flag planning becomes an actuality in orgs in their zone of responsibility. The FOLO sees that orgs are put there and manages them. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\cf1 Flag Bureaux}{\f0\cf1  and}{\b\f0\cf1  Continental Liaison Office }{
\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foment:}{\f0\cf1  arousal or stimulation (of trouble, discontent, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fondle:}{\f0\cf1  to handle or treat with fondness. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Administration:}{\f0\cf1  a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Administration:}{\f0\cf1  a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Administration:}{\f0\cf1  a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Administration: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (US government) }{\f0\cf1 a division of the Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Administration: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (US government) }{\f0\cf1 a division of the Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Administration:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (US government) }{\f0\cf1 a division of the Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Administration:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (US government) }{\f0\cf1 a division of the Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods
, drugs and cosmetics. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 67}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Food and Drug Nonsense:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous alteration of }{\f0\ul\cf1 Food and Drug Administration. See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foofaraw: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a stir or fuss over something trivial. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foofaraw:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  stir or fuss over something trivial. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foofaraw:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  stir or fuss over something trivial. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 ***(colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  spend one's time aimlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifle or meddle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifle or meddle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifle or meddle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifle or meddle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifle or meddle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifle or meddle. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\f0\cf1  putter aimlessly; waste time. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fool around:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  putter aimlessly; waste time. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How to Manage a Course}{
\f0\cf1  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around with:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial) }{\f0\cf1 to trifle or meddle with. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool around with:}{\f0\cf1  trifle or meddle with.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fooled around:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  puttered aimlessly; wasted time. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fooled with:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  handled or played with idly or carelessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fooler:}{\f0\cf1  something or someone that tricks; deceiver. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fooling around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  spending one's time aimlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fooling around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  spending one's time aimlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fooling around:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifling or meddling. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fooling around with:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifling or meddling with. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foolish Drug Administration:}{\f0\cf1  humorous reference to the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Food and Drug Administration}{\f0\cf1  in the US. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 FDA }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fools and Drug Addicts:}{\f0\cf1 
 a humorous reference to the Food and Drug Administration, a division of the US Department of Health and Human Services whose stated purpose is to protect the public against impure and unsafe foods, drugs and cosmetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool with:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  trifle or meddle with. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fool with:}{\f0\cf1  handle or play with idly or carelessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 football:}{\f0\cf1  a game played by two teams on a field with goals at each end, the object being to get the ball across the opponents' goal. Football is one of the most popular college sports in the United States.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 football:}{\f0\cf1  a game played by two teams on a field with goals at each end, the object being to get the ball across the opponents' goal. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 football:}{\f0\cf1  a game played with an inflated leather ball by two teams on a field with goals at each end, the object being to get the ball across the opponents' goal. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 football:}{\f0\cf1  a game played with an inflated leather ball by two teams on a field with goals at each end, the object being to get the ball across the opponents' goal. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 football:}{\f0\cf1  the oval ball used in playing football, a game played by two teams on a field with goals at each end, the object being to get the ball across the opponents' goal. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 football game:}{\f0\cf1  a game played with an inflated leather ball by two teams on a field with goals at each end, the object being to get the ball across the opponents' goal. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 football pool:}{\f0\cf1  the combined wagers of bettors on a football game that may be won or from which winnings are taken. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 football pool:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  the combined wagers of bettors on a football game that may be won or from which winnings are taken.}{\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 Valences, Circuits}{\f0\cf1 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foot, gotten off on the wrong:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  made a bad start; began with a mistake. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foot in it, put (one's): }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  made an embarrassing or troublesome blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foot in the door, get (one's):}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  gain (one's) entrance into an organization, group, activity, etc., especially one into which such entrance is difficult to obtain. Used figuratively in the lecture. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 footlights:}{\f0\cf1 *** a row of lights along the front of a stage at the actors' foot level. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 footlights:}{\f0\cf1  a row of lights at the front of a stage, nearly on a level with the feet of the actors. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 footmen:}{\f0\cf1  male servants who wait on tables, go with an automobile or carriage to open the door, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 footnotey:}{\f0\cf1  suggestive of or somewhat like a }{\f0\ul\cf1 footnote,}{\f0\cf1  a note of comment or reference at the bottom of a page. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foot-pounds: }{\f0\cf1 units of energy, equal to the amount of energy required to raise a weight of one pound a distance of one foot. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foot-pounds: }{\f0\cf1 units of energy, equal to the amount of energy required to raise a weight of one pound a distance of one foot. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foot-pounds:}{\f0\cf1  units of energy. One foot-pound is equal to the amount of energy required to raise a weight of one pound a distance of one foot. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf2 foot-pounds:}{\f0\cf1  units of energy. One foot-pound is equal to the amount of energy required to raise a weight of one pound a distance of one foot. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf2 foot-pounds:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  units of energy. One foot-pound is equal to the amount of energy required to raise a weight of one pound a distance of one foot. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foot rule:}{\f0\cf1  a measuring rule one foot long.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 footsies with, playing: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (US slang)}{\f0\cf1  carrying on or starting a flirtation with; allying or cooperating with in a covert manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forbearance:}{\f0\cf1  patient endurance; self-control. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 force:}{\f0\cf1  pertaining to a measurement for the strength of the wind on the Beaufort scale (a scale of wind force ranging from 0, calm, to 12, hurricane). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 force:}{\f0\cf1  pertaining to a measurement for the strength of the wind on the Beaufort scale (a scale of wind force ranging from 0, calm, to 17, hurricane).  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 force draft:}{\f0\cf1  a law, proposal or the like that is chosen quickly or under extreme pressure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 force-draft:}{\f0\cf1  cause to proceed at full speed or intensity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 force field:}{\f0\cf1 
 an electronic field. A force field is nothing more or less than a wave emanation like you get out of the headlight of a car. If you change the wavelength
 of the headlight of a car and speed it up enough and then hit somebody with it, it will knock him down. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 for Christ's sakes: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1 
 an expression used to show impatient annoyance or surprise, especially in questions or requests. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  a car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  a car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  a car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  a car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  a car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  Gerald Ford (1913 -  ), president of the United States (1974 - 1977). In September 1975, President Ford survived two separate assassination attempts by women in California. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  Henry Ford (1863 - 1947), American industrialist, pioneer automobile manufacturer, organizer and president of the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf2 Ford:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  Henry Ford (1863 - 1947), American industrialist, pioneer automobile manufacturer, organizer and president of the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  made by the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ford Motor Company:}{\f0\cf1  a US automobile manufacturer founded in 1903 by American industrialist Henry Ford (1863 - 1947). It is one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  made by the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ford Motor Company:}{\f0\cf1  a US automobile manufacturer founded in 1903 by American industrialist Henry Ford (1863 - 1947). It is one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  made by the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ford Motor Company:}{\f0\cf1  a US automobile manufacturer founded in 1903 by American industrialist Henry Ford (1863 - 1947). It is one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  made by the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ford Motor Company,}{\f0\cf1  a US automobile manufacturer founded in 1903 by American industrialist Henry Ford (1863 - 1947). It is one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Perception of Truth}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1 
 of or having to do with Henry Ford (1863 - 1947) American industrialist, pioneer automobile manufacturer, organizer and president of the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. His son Edsel took over as president of For
d Motor Company in 1919. After Edsel died in 1943, Henry Ford took over control of the company again until 1945, when his grandson, Henry Ford II took over, modernized the administrative structure and made other changes that helped the company 
continue to prosper.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Edsel}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ford Motor Company, }{\f0\cf1 one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  the name of an inexpensive, mass-produced car, first manufactured by the Ford Motor Company between 1900 and 1904.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  the name of an inexpensive, mass-produced car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  the name of an inexpensive, mass-produced car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford:}{\f0\cf1  the name of an inexpensive, mass-produced car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford, Edsel:}{\f0\cf1  (1893 - 1943) president of Ford Motor Co. until his death in 1943. In 1958, during the presidency of his son, Henry Ford II, the Ford Motor Co. put a car on the market named after Edsel Ford. The \ldblquote Edsel
\rdblquote  was one of the biggest flops in the automotive industry, resulting in a loss of $250 million in two years for the Ford Motor Co. Reference here to Edsel Ford is in regards to Henry Ford II under whom the \ldblquote Edsel\rdblquote 
 was such a failure. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Ford Motor Company }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford, Edsel:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 (1893 - 1943) president of Ford Motor Co. until his death in 1943. In 1958, during the presidency of his son, Henry Ford II, the Ford Motor Co. put a car on the market named after Edsel Ford. The `Edsel' was one of the biggest flops in the 
automotive industry, resulting in a loss of $250 million in two years for the Ford Motor Co. Reference here to Edsel Ford is in regards to Henry Ford II under whom the `Edsel' was such a failure. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Ford Motor Company }{
\f0\cf1 in this glossary. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Valences, Circuits}{\f0\cf1 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Foundation:}{\f0\cf1  a large private trust which was established in 1936 by Henry and Edsel Ford. Its original aim supposedly was to found a scientific study of man. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Foundation:}{\f0\cf1  a large private trust which was established in 1936 by Henry and Edsel Ford. Its original aim supposedly was to found a scientific study of man. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Foundation: }{\f0\cf1 a large private trust which was established in 1936 by Henry and Edsel Ford. Its original aim supposedly was to found a scientific study of man. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Foundation:}{\f0\cf1  a large private trust which was established in 1936 by Henry and Edsel Ford. Its original aim supposedly was to found a scientific study of man. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Foundation:***}{\f0\cf1  a large private trust which was established in 1936 by Henry and Edsel Ford. Its original aim supposedly was to found a scientific study of man. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Foundation:}{\f0\cf1  a large private trust which was established in 1936 by Henry Ford (1863 - 1947) and his son Edsel (1893 - 1943). Its original aim supposedly was to found a scientific study of man. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{
\b\f0\ul\cf1 Ford, Henry}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Foundation:}{\f0\cf1 
 a large private trust which was established in 1936 by Henry Ford (1863 - 1947), founder of the Ford Motor Company, and his son Edsel (1893 - 1943). Its original aim supposedly was to found a scientific study of man. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}
{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fordham:}{\f0\cf1  an American university founded in 1841 in the state of New York, United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fordham:}{\f0\cf1  a town in southeastern England. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford, Henry:}{\f0\cf1  (1863 - 1947) American industrialist, pioneer automobile manufacturer, organizer and president of the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford, Henry:}{\f0\cf1  ***(1863 - 1947) American industrialist, pioneer automobile manufacturer, organizer and president of the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford, Henry:}{\f0\cf1  (1863 - 1947) American industrialist, pioneer automobile manufacturer, organizer and president of the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford, Henry \ldblquote America First\rdblquote :}{\f0\cf1  (1863 - 1947) American industrialist, pioneer automobile manufacturer, organizer and president of the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. 
\ldblquote America First\rdblquote  refers to a pacifist group called the America First Committee which Ford belonged to during World War II. The group was thought by many to be pro-Hitler, as they were opposed to America entering the war.   \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary and data on \ldblquote America First\rdblquote  from calling the library.}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Motor Company:}{\f0\cf1  a US automobile manufacturer founded in 1903 by American industrialist Henry Ford (1863 - 1947). It is one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Motor Company:}{\f0\cf1  a US automobile manufacturer; one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Motor Company:}{\f0\cf1  one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Motor Company:}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  one of the largest automobile companies in the world.}{\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 Valences, Circuits}{\f0\cf1 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford Motor Company:}{\f0\cf1  one of the largest automobile manufacturing companies in the world; named after its founder, Henry Ford. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Ford, Mr. Henry:}{\f0\cf1  (1863 - 1947) American industrialist, pioneer automobile manufacturer, organizer and president of the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fords:}{\f0\cf1  cars manufactured by the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Fords:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 cars manufactured by the Ford Motor Company, one of the largest automobile companies in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 22.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Fords:}{\f0\cf1  cars manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Ford Motor Company}{
\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fordson:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for a tractor. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fore:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (golf)}{\f0\cf1  a cry of warning on a golf course to persons who are in danger of being struck by a ball in flight. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 'fore:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  before. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forebear:}{\f0\cf1  ancestor. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forecastle:}{\f0\cf1  the space located at the
 front of a ship below the short front deck. This space is sometimes used to store food, clothing, or as quarters for sailors. It derives its name from the fact that in old sailing warships there used to be a castle built at this spot from which archers f
ought. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forecastle:}{\f0\cf1  the upper deck of a ship in front of the foremast (the mast nearest the bow of a ship). This space is sometimes used to store food, clothing, or as quarters for sailors. It derives its n
ame from the fact that in old sailing warships there used to be a castle built at this spot from which archers fought. [DIAGRAM] \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foreclosed:}{\f0\cf1  took possession of property when the loan was not duly (when due) repaid. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foredeck:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 ***(nautical)}{\f0\cf1  the part of the main deck nearest the bow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foredeck: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (nautical)}{\f0\cf1  the part of the main deck nearest the bow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foredeck:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (nautical)}{\f0\cf1  the part of the main deck nearest the bow. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foredeck: }{\f0\cf1 the forepart (front part) of a ship's main deck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foredeck:}{\f0\cf1  the name given to a short deck at the very front of a vessel. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forefoot:}{\f0\cf1  the front end of the keel (the bottom-most part of a ship) where it joins the stem (the foremost member of the ship's framework). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foregone conclusion: }{\f0\cf1 a safe assumption about some future event. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foreign Ministry:}{\f0\cf1  (in countries other than the US) the office of a }{\f0\ul\cf1 Foreign Minister,}{\f0\cf1 
 a person who is in charge of the activities of his nation in its relationships with other nations and corresponding to the Secretary of State in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foreman:}{\f0\cf1  a man in charge of a particular department, group of workers, etc., as in a factory. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foreman:}{\f0\cf1  a man in charge of a particular department, group of workers, etc., as in a factory. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0\cf1  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foremost:}{\f0\cf1  first in place, order, rank, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0\cf1  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forerunner: }{\f0\cf1 something that precedes, as in time; predecessor. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foreshadowing:}{\f0\cf1  a warning of; an indication beforehand. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foreshortened:}{\f0\cf1  shortened or condensed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forestall:}{\f0\cf1  to act in advance of; get ahead of; anticipate. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fore, to the:}{\f0\cf1  into leadership, out into notice or view. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forever and aye:}{\f0\cf1  forever and ever; forever and always. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forever and aye:}{\f0\cf1  forever and ever; forever and always. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forever and aye:}{\f0\cf1  forever and ever; forever and always. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forever and aye:}{\f0\cf1  for ever; to all eternity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forever and aye:}{\f0\cf1  for ever, to all eternity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forever and aye:}{\f0\cf1  for ever, to all eternity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 for ever and aye:}{\f0\cf1  for ever; to all eternity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forever and aye:}{\f0\cf1  for ever; to all eternity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forfeit:}{\f0\cf1 *** lose or have to give up as a penalty for some act, neglect, fault, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forgetter:}{\f0\cf1  an engramic command which makes an individual believe he can't remember. Examples are \ldblquote Put it out of my mind,\rdblquote  \ldblquote If I remembered it I would go mad,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Can't remember,
\rdblquote  and just plain \ldblquote I don't know,\rdblquote  as well as the master of the family of phrases, \ldblquote Forget it!\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 engram}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HDA Tapes (
Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forgetter:}{\f0\cf1  any engram command which makes the individual believe he can't remember. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forgetter:}{\f0\cf1  any engram command which makes the individual believe he can't remember. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forgetter mechanism:}{\f0\cf1  a forgetter mechanism is \ldblquote Put it out of my mind,\rdblquote  \ldblquote If I remembered it I would go mad,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Can't remember,\rdblquote  and just plain \ldblquote I don't know,
\rdblquote  as well as the master of the family of phrases, \ldblquote Forget it!\rdblquote  Any engram command which makes the individual believe he can't remember. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forgettingness:}{\f0\cf1  the act or fact of forgetting (losing facts, knowledge, etc., from the mind; failing to recall; being unable to remember). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forgettingness:}{\f0\cf1  the state, quality or condition of forgetting. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forgettingness:}{\f0\cf1  the state, quality or condition of forgetting. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 for God's sakes:}{\f0\cf1  an exclamation expressing impatience, annoyance or surprise, especially in questions or requests. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 for it:}{\f0\cf1  about to suffer a hard or difficult experience, especially a punishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 for it:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1 
 about to suffer a hard or difficult experience, especially a punishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 for it:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  about to suffer a hard or difficult experience, especially a punishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forked:}{\f0\cf1 *** branched; followed a branch road. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forlorn:}{\f0\cf1  desolate or dreary; unhappy or miserable, as in feeling, condition or appearance. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Form 3:}{\f0\cf1  HCO PL 22 May 1961, HCO Security Form 3, entitled \ldblquote The Only Valid Security Check,\rdblquote 
 which laid down the policy that a Security Check for any organizational reason must be done from an HCO WW form and no other is valid. It also
 gave further tech on Security Checks and contains, itself, an extensive list of Sec Check questions. The last two pages of the original mimeo issue of this policy letter deal specifically with overts against Scientology organizations, Scientologists and 
Scientology principals. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Form 3:}{\f0\cf1  ***}{\f0\ul\cf1 see }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Sec Check 3}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Form 3: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 see Sec Check 3}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Form 6:}{\f0\cf1  HCO Worldwide Security Form 6, an HGC auditor's Sec Check. The modern version of this form is HCO PL 7 July 1961R, Confessional Form 3R.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Form 6:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 ***see }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Sec Check 6}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Form 6: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 see Sec Check 6}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Form 7:}{\f0\cf1  HCO Worldwide Security Forms 7A and 7B, two security checks which have been devised specifically for employment (to check applicants for employment, or personnel already employed). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Lev
el II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Form 19:}{\f0\cf1  a Security Check addressing laudable withholds. See }{\f0\ul\cf1 HCO PL 6 January 1962, Laudatory Withholds}{\f0\cf1  for this form in full. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 form 26 June:}{\f0\cf1  HCO PL 26 June 1965, titled \ldblquote HGC Pc Review Auditing Form.\rdblquote  This form was assessed on a preclear routed to Review as a first action to determine the next steps to take to handle the case. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 form 6892B-}{\b\f0\ul\cf1 hup:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for a form. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 form:}{\f0\cf1  the arrangement of things; the way in which parts of a whole are organized. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  May 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formaldehyde:}{\f0\cf1  a colorless, toxic gas, having a suffocating odor: used chiefly as a disinfectant and preservative. It has been linked to forms of cancer and is toxic to the central nervous system. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formaldehyde:}{\f0\cf1  a colorless, toxic gas, having a suffocating odor. It is used in the procedure of embalming dead bodies as it inhibits decomposition. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formaldehyde:}{\f0\cf1  a colorless, toxic gas, having a suffocating odor. It is used in the procedure of embalming dead bodies as it inhibits decomposition. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formaldehyde:}{\f0\cf1  a colorless, toxic gas, having a suffocating odor. It is used in the procedure of embalming dead bodies as it inhibits decomposition. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formaldehyde:}{\f0\cf1  a colorless, toxic gas, having a suffocating odor; used chiefly as a disinfectant and preservative. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formal process:}{\f0\cf1  process run using }{\f0\ul\cf1 formal auditing:}{\f0\cf1  auditing done by use of model session and exact TRs.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formica:}{\f0\cf1  a laminated (made of layers joined one upon the other) plastic covering resistant to water, heat and most chemicals, much used on kitchen and bathroom surfaces, tables and other furniture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formidable:}{\f0\cf1  hard to handle or overcome. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 form letter:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  any of a number of standardized, printed or duplicated letters, often with the date, name and address filled in separately. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Formosa:}{\f0\cf1 
 former Portuguese name of Taiwan, an island in the Pacific Ocean near the mainland of southern China. The island was settled by the Portuguese in the 16th century. Japan had control of the island from 1895 until 1945. In 1949, communists took over the go
vernment of mainland China, and the nationalists, who had been in control of China, moved their seat of government to Taiwan and became known as the Republic of China. The United States supported and aided this government. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Formosa:}{\f0\cf1 
 former Portuguese name of Taiwan, an island in the Pacific Ocean near the mainland of southern China. The island was settled by the Portuguese in the 16th century. Japan had control of the island from 1895 until 1945, when Japan was defeated in World War
 II and the island was given to China as part of the treaty at the end of the war. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 World War II}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Formula 13:}{\f0\cf1  a formula developed in 1960 which aids beginning or old unmoving cases. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 formula}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 case}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{
\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Formula 13:}{\f0\cf1  a procedure developed in 1960. It basically consists of running Failed Help (\ldblquote Who have you failed to help?\rdblquote  \ldblquote What have you failed to help?\rdblquote 
 alternated) for about ten minutes, then getting a
 list of all the people the preclear knows in present time, assessing this for a read, running an Overt/Withhold process on that person, then returning to Failed Help for about ten minutes, reassessing the list for another read, and repeating the procedur
e. For the full text on this procedure, see HCOB 10 November 1960 in the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Formula 15:}{\f0\cf1  a formula developed in 1960 which aids hypercritical unmoving preclears. It is also used for other reasons on students and old-time Scientologists. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 formula}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 
preclear}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Formula 19:}{\f0\cf1  a formula developed in early 1961 which improves responsibility, brings up awareness of withholds and improves the case. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 formula, withhold}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 case}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Formula 20:}{\f0\cf1  a formula developed in 1961 for use on cases which had an inability to duplicate commands and those that had unsteady engram banks. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 formula, case}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 engram}{
\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formula:}{\f0\cf1  a method of getting a case started. There are several formulas. They are numbered in order of development. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formula:}{\f0\cf1  exact method or form prescribed as a guide for thought, action, expression or statement. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Formula H:}{\f0\cf1  the effort to reach and withdraw, to grasp and let go of oneself, of 
others for themselves, of oneself for others and others for oneself: For force, perception and admiration when run resolve the tenacity of engrams. Formula H is called Formula H because }{\f0\ul\cf1 H}{\f0\cf1  stands for }{\f0\ul\cf1 hope.}{\f0\cf1  
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 formulas:}{\f0\cf1  exact methods or forms prescribed as a guide for thought, action, expression or statement. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formulas:}{\f0\cf1  exact methods or forms prescribed as guides for thought, action, expression or statement. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formulas:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  exact methods or forms prescribed as guides for thought, action, expression or statement.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Five Conditions}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formulate:}{\f0\cf1  put together and express in a clear and orderly way. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formulated: }{\f0\cf1 put together and expressed in a clear and orderly way. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 formulating:}{\f0\cf1  devising or developing, as a method, system, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Forrestal, James: }{\f0\cf1 James Vincent Forrestal (1892 - 1949), US financier, secretary of Navy in 1944, secretary of Defense 1947 - 49. He was undergoing psychiatric treatment at the time of his suicide in 1949. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Forrestal, James: }{\f0\cf1 
James Vincent Forrestal (1892 - 1949), US financier, secretary of Navy in 1944, secretary of Defense 1947 - 1949. He committed suicide in 1949 by jumping from the upper-story window of the hospital where he was undergoing psychiatric treatment. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 forsook:}{\f0\cf1  left; abandoned. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 History of Man Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fort:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (figurative)}{\f0\cf1  a strong position; a stronghold. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 forte main:}{\f0\cf1  main force; sheer strength or force. In French, }{\f0\ul\cf1 forte main}{\f0\cf1  means, literally, \ldblquote strong hand.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forte main:}{\f0\cf1  main force; sheer strength or force. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forte main:}{\f0\cf1  strength or force. In French, }{\f0\ul\cf1 forte}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote strong\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 main}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote hand.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forte main:}{\f0\cf1  strength or force. In French, }{\f0\ul\cf1 forte}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote strong\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 main}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote hand.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forte main:}{\f0\cf1  strength or force. In French, }{\f0\ul\cf1 forte}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote strong\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 main}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote hand.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 forte main:}{\f0\cf1  strength or force. In French, }{\f0\ul\cf1 forte}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote strong\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 main}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote hand.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forte main:}{\f0\cf1  strength or force. In French, }{\f0\ul\cf1 forte}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote strong\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 main}{\f0\cf1  means \ldblquote hand.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fort Harrison and Sandcastle hotels}{\b\f0\ul\cf1 :}{\b\f0\ul\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  two hotels for people receiving services from the Flag Service Org or visiting the Flag Land Base in Clearwater, Florida. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 for the love of Pete: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  an exclamation of emphasis, surprise, impatience, disbelief, dismay, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fort, holding the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  keeping things in operation; remaining on duty, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fort, holding the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  keeping things in operation; remaining on duty, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fort, holding the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  keeping things in operation; remaining on duty, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fort, hold the:}{\f0\cf1  keep things in operation; remain on duty, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fort, hold the:}{\f0\cf1  maintain the existing state of affairs; defend one's position against attack or criticism. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forthright:***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (figurative)}{\f0\cf1  going straight to the point; straightforward; unswerving; outspoken. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forthrightly:}{\f0\cf1  in a direct or straightforward manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Money Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fort Knox:}{\f0\cf1  US military reservation, established in 1917 as a training camp. Location of the US Federal gold depository (built in 1936) which holds the bulk of the nation's gold bullion in steel-and-concrete vaults. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Money Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fort, take the:}{\f0\cf1  seize or capture a strong position. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty-five) .45:}{\f0\cf1 *** a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty-five) .45 automatic:}{\f0\cf1  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty-five) .45-caliber pistol:}{\f0\cf1 
 a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{
\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty-five caliber) .45-caliber pistol:}{\f0\cf1  a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required o
f the shooter. The .45 caliber refers to the diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (Forty-five caliber) .45-caliber pistol:}{\f0\cf1 
 a pistol which loads automatically and fires each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty-five pistols) .45 pistols:}{\f0\cf1  pistols which load automatically and fire each time the trigger is pulled, with nothing further required of the shooter. The .45 refers to the caliber, or diameter of the bullet, which is .45 inch. 
\emdash editor, from }{\f0\ul\cf1 Small Arms of the World}{\f0\cf1  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty fourth) 44th:}{\f0\cf1  44th Street, a main street in New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty-niner) 49er:}{\f0\cf1  a person who went to California in the gold rush of 1849. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forty-niner:}{\f0\cf1  a person who went to California in the gold rush of 1849. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forty-pass clover-leaf-type highway:}{\f0\cf1  exaggerated reference to a }{\f0\ul\cf1 cloverleaf}{\f0\cf1 
, a road arrangement resembling a four-leaf clover in form for permitting easy traffic movement between two intersecting high-speed highways. One highway passes over the other, and both are joined by a system of curved feeder roads permitting vehicles to 
enter and leave the highways. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Forty-pass }{\f0\cf1 would suggest forty highways being involved. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty point zero) 40.0: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 see Tone Scale in Full }{\f0\cf1 in the Scales section of this book. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty-second and broadway) 42nd and Broadway: }{\f0\cf1 a busy street corner in New York City where crime, drugs etc., abound. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty second street) 42nd Street:}{\f0\cf1  a main downtown street in New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (forty-two) 42 Aberdeen Road:}{\f0\cf1  L. Ron Hubbard's home in Elizabeth, New Jersey (on the east coast of the United States), where he began teaching Dianetics auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Forum:}{\f0\cf1  a public square that began as a marketplace and then became the government center of ancient Rome. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 for want of:}{\f0\cf1  because of the lack or absence of. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forward block:}{\f0\cf1  a wooden or metal case with a pulley mounted inside. It is located at the forward end of the lifeboat and in combination with the after block, is used to lower or raise a lifeboat. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 
after block }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forwent:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  did without; gave up. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 forwent:}{\f0\cf1  did without; gave up. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul FOS -}{\f0  
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 14: }{\b\f0\ul Department 14,}{\f0  at the time of this lecture, the Department of Correction, who's purpose was \ldblquote to h
elp LRH ensure that all Scientology and Dianetics Knowledge is freely available, fully used and promptly corrected when misapplied, thus ensuring the technical honesty of the organization.\rdblquote  This department is now known as Department 15. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 F-24-Rs:}{\f0  a made-up electronic word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 fostered:}{\f0  helped to grow or develop; stimulated; promoted. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 foster home: }{\f0 a home in which a child or children are raised by people other than their natural or adoptive parents. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Foster, Stephen:}{\f0  (1826 - 1864) an American songwriter. He wrote the words and music to some of the country's perennially favorite songs including \ldblquote My Old Kentucky Home,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Oh! Susanna,\rdblquote  \ldblquote 
The Old Folks at Home,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Jeanie with the Light Brown Hair\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Beautiful Dreamer.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 foul:}{\f0  make or become dirty, smelly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 fouled up:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  disordered or confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 fouled up: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  disordered or confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 fouled up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  disordered or confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 fouled up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  made a mess of; bungled up. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 fouling (one) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul ***(informal)}{\f0  making (one) disordered or confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 fouling (one) up:}{\f0  making (one) disordered or confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 fouling (someone) up:}{\f0  making (someone) disordered or confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 foul (someone) up:}{\f0   }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  cause (someone) to become disordered or confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 fouls up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  ruins and confuses a project, assignment, etc.; displays one's ineptitude and futility. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 foul-up:}{\f0  a state of muddle or confusion. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 foul up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  make a mess of; bungle up. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 foul up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  ruin and confuse a project, assignment, etc.; display one's ineptitude and futility. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 foul up:}{\f0  ruin and confuse a project, assignment, etc.; display one's ineptitude and futility. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  any one of the first organizations of Dianetics in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  any one of the first organizations of Dianetics in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  any one of the first organizations of Dianetics in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  any one of the first organizations of Dianetics in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation. See }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation,}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the United States, established in Elizabeth, New Jersey in 1950. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetics Foundation:}{\f0  located in Wichita, Kansas in 1951 and 1952. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetics Research Foundation,}{\f0  the original Dianetics organization with several branches located in a number of states and areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\f0  short for the }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation,}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics. It was first located in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Foundation:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  short for the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation,}{\f0\cf1  the first organization of Dianetics. It was first located in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundation:}{\f0\cf1  the Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation established in Elizabeth, New Jersey in 1950. It was the first organization of Dianetics in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundation:}{\f0\cf1  the Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation, the first organization of Dianetics. It was first located in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundation:}{\f0\cf1  the Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation, the first organization of Dianetics. It was first located in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Foundation:}{\f0\cf1 
 the Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation, the first organization of Dianetics. It was first located in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Foundation:}{\f0\cf1 
 the Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation; the first organization of Dianetics in the United States, put together in Elizabeth, New Jersey. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundation:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation, the first organization of Dianetics. It was first located in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Your Scientology Organizations
}{\f0\cf1  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundation bulletins:}{\f0\cf1  official publications of the Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation (the first organization of Dianetics). }{\f0\ul\cf1 I had to alter, by the way, the text of one of the Foundation bulletins. \'d1
Elementary Material: Know to Mystery Scale (7 Jan. 55)}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 foundations:}{\f0\cf1  institutions financed by a donation or legacy to aid research, education, the arts, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundations:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundations,}{\f0\cf1  the first organizations of Dianetics. The original Foundations were located in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundations:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundations,}{\f0\cf1  the first organizations of Dianetics. The original Foundations were located in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundations:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Hubbard Dianetics Research Foundations,}{\f0\cf1  the original Dianetics organizations which were located in a number of states and areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Scientology Organizations}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Foundations:}{\f0\cf1  the evening or weekend organizations of the Church of Scientology. The purpose of the evening organizations is to operate as a bridge from the public to the daytime orgs and to make money in their own right. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Founding Church:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Founding Church of Scientology of Washington, DC.}{\f0\cf1  Established in the early 1950s, it was the first Scientology church in Washington, DC. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Conquest of Chaos}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Founding Fathers:}{\f0\cf1  the signers of the United States Constitution in 1787. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0\cf1  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Founding Scientologist:}{\f0\cf1  a person who was with Scientology prior to 1964. In February 1964, L. Ron Hubbard issue
d a policy letter which included an application for for all persons in Scientology prior to 1964 to fill out and return. Applicants received a \ldblquote Founding Scientologist\rdblquote 
 certificate which granted them training and auditing privileges because they had helped in the beginning years of Scientology.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 policy letter}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 auditing}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Founding Scientologists:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  persons who were with Scientology prior to 1964. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handling the PTS}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four freedoms:}{\f0\cf1  reference to a speech made by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1941 in which he stated that four freedoms should prevail throughout the world\'d1
freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Four Horsemen:}{\f0\cf1  Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse: four riders on white, red, black and pale horses, symbolizing the pestilence, war, famine and death which are prophesied in the Apocalypse, or book of Revelation, the la
st book of the New Testament in the Bible. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four hundred, the:}{\f0\cf1  the inner circle of New York society, the \'e9lite. The term originated in 1892 when only 400 guests were invited to a ball given by Mrs. William Astor since her ballroom had space for only that number. }{
\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Astor, Mrs. William }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (Four) IV:}{\f0\cf1  a preclear who was in shape to have Step IV of SOP 8-C run on him. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\f0\cf1 SOP 8-C in the appendix of this volume. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 JOS 24-G.}{\f0\cf1 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-lane:}{\f0\cf1  ***having two lanes for traffic in each direction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-line:}{\f0\cf1  evolve four standard listing lines for. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 listing line}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four lines:}{\f0\cf1  the four standard listing lines in certain procedures for processing goals. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 list line}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 goal}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-pass:}{\f0\cf1  wide enough for four lines of cars, trucks, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-point type:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (printing)}{\f0\cf1  letters that are about 1/18 of an inch in height. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (four point zero) 4.0:}{\f0\cf1  on the Tone Scale, the level of enthusiasm. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Tone Scale}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-postulate stuff, basic:}{\f0\cf1  the four basic postulates made by a native-state thetan (who knows everything there is): (1) he says he doesn't know about something; (2) he does kn
ow about that thing; (3) he's forgotten what he knows; (4) he is remembering what he has forgotten that he knows. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four quarters of somewhere, to the:}{\f0\cf1  a variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 to all the four winds:}{\f0\cf1  in all directions, over a wide area. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-star:}{\f0\cf1  of a high quality or value. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Star}{\f0\cf1  refers to one of usually four or five stars used to place something in a scale of value. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-star:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  of a high quality or value. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Star}{\f0\cf1  refers to one of usually four or five stars used to place something in a scale of value. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Org Board and Livingness}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-star: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (verb)}{\f0\cf1  rate or consider as being of the highest quality, especially as indicated by four printed stars assigned in some rating systems. Used in its figurative sense in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0\cf1  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-stripe captain:}{\f0\cf1  a naval captain (an officer who is in charge of a specific group or division) who wears four stripes as insignia. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-striper: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a naval captain, wearing four stripes as insignia. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 (fourteen) 14:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 Department 14,}{\f0\cf1  at the time of this lecture, the Department of Correction, who's purpose was \ldblquote 
to help LRH ensure that all Scientology and Dianetics knowledge is freely available, fully used and promptly corrected when misapplied, thus ensuring the technical honesty of the organization.\rdblquote  This department is now known as Department 15. 
\emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 See Fourth of July}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fourth:}{\f0\cf1  the fourth dynamic. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 dynamics }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fourth-class:}{\f0\cf1  the class, rank, excellence, etc., next below the third and indicating a distinctly inferior status. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fourth-class:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the class, rank, excellence, etc., next below the third and indicating a distinctly inferior status.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Five Conditions}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fourth dimensional:}{\f0\cf1 
 of a dimension in addition to those of length, width and depth, used so as to be able to employ geometrical language in discussing phenomena that depend on four variables. Time has been thought of as a fourth dimension. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fourth dynamic: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 See dynamics}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fourth dynamic:}{\f0\cf1  the urge toward survival through all mankind and as all mankind; one of the the eight }{\f0\ul\cf1 dynamics }{\f0\cf1 or urges (drives, impulses) in life. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 dynamics}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth International Communist Regime:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for a regime. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth Invader:}{\f0\cf1  the fourth of five active invader forces. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 invader}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 History of Man Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth London:}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Fourth London Advanced Clinical Course}{\f0\cf1  given by LRH from 3 October to 5 November, 1955. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth of July:}{\f0\cf1  a legal holiday in the US; the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence in 1776. It is celebrated with fireworks. Also called Independence Day. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Fourth of July:}{\f0\cf1 
 a legal holiday in the US; the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence in 1776. It is celebrated with fireworks. Also called Independence Day. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Fourth of July:}{\f0\cf1  a legal holiday in the
 US; the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence in 1776. It is celebrated with fireworks. Also called Independence Day. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth of July:}{\f0\cf1  a legal holiday in the US; the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence in 1776. It is celebrated with fireworks. Also called Independence Day. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth of July: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Independence Day,}{\f0\cf1  the primary national holiday in the United States, celebrated every July 4, with customa
ry festivities including nighttime fireworks displays. It is the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence (the fundamental document establishing the United States as a nation) on 4 July 1776. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fourth postulate:}{\f0\cf1  remember. For the full theory on the Four Postulates, see }{\f0\ul\cf1 Professional Auditor's Bulletin 66}{\f0\cf1  in the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology. }{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth Reich:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for a possible future German nation, modeled on the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Third Reich,}{\f0\cf1  which was what Germany was called during the Nazi regime under Hitler. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Reich}{\f0\cf1  is German for 
\ldblquote kingdom.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fourth Stage Release:}{\f0\cf1  at the time of this lecture, the state of Release where a person had had the lock end words taken off the R6 bank. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 end word}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 R6}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 four-wheel-drive:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (automotive)}{\f0\cf1  of a drive system in which engine power is transmitted to all four wheels for improved traction. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fowler and Allen:}{\f0\cf1  persons who ran a British instruments firm known as Instrumentations, that was involved in making E-Meters. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fowler and Allen:}{\f0\cf1  persons who ran a British instruments firm known as Instrumentations, that was involved in making E-Meters. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fowler and Allen:}{\f0\cf1  persons who ran a British instruments firm known as Instrumentations, that was involved in making E-Meters. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fowler and Allen:}{\f0\cf1  persons who ran a British instruments firm known as Instrumentations, that was involved in making E-Meters. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fowler and Allen:}{\f0\cf1  persons who ran a British instruments firm known as \ldblquote Instrumentations,\rdblquote  that was involved in making E-Meters. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fowler and Allen:}{\f0\cf1  persons who ran a British instruments firm, known as Instrumentations, that was involved in making E-Meters. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fox and the grapes: }{\f0\cf1 Aesop's fable of the fox who tried in vain to get at some grapes, but when he found they were beyond his reach went away saying, \ldblquote I see they are sour.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fox and the grapes:}{\f0\cf1  one of }{\f0\ul\cf1 Aesop's Fables.}{\f0\cf1  A fox tries many times to pluck some grapes that dangle invitingly over his head, but he cannot reach them. As he slinks away in disgust, he says, \ldblquote 
Those grapes are probably sour anyway.\rdblquote  The moral of the story is: \ldblquote Every man tries to convince himself that the thing he cannot have is of no value.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Aesop}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fox pass:}{\f0\cf1  joking mispronunciation of the French phrase \ldblquote faux pas\rdblquote  (literally, \ldblquote false step\rdblquote ) meaning an embarrassing blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fox pass [faux pas]:}{\f0\cf1  ***joking mispronunciation of the French phrase \ldblquote faux pas\rdblquote  (literally, \ldblquote false step\rdblquote ) meaning an embarrassing blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fox who loses his tail:}{\f0\cf1  ***reference to a fable in which a fox who lost his tail in a trap talks about the virtues of being tailless and suggests that all his fellow foxes cut off theirs. The story comes from }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Aesop's Fables,}{\f0\cf1  by Greek writer Aesop (620? - 560 b.c.), which contains stories largely concerned with talking animals illustrating human vices, follies and virtues. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fox who loses his tail:}{\f0\cf1  reference to a fable in which a fox who lost his tail in a trap talks about the virtues of being tailless and suggests that all his fellow foxes cut off theirs. The story comes from }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Aesop's Fables,}{\f0\cf1  by Greek writer Aesop (620? - 560 b.c.), which contains stories largely concerned with talking animals illustrating human vices, follies and virtues. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fox who loses his tail:}{\f0\cf1  reference to a fable in which a fox who lost his tail in a trap talks about the virtues of being tailless and suggests that all his fellow foxes cut off theirs. The story comes from }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Aesop's Fables,}{\f0\cf1  by Greek writer Aesop (620? - 560 b.c.), which contains stories largely concerned with talking animals illustrating human vices, follies and virtues. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FP:***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 financial planning}{\f0\cf1 . }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 financial planning}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fracas:}{\f0\cf1  a noisy fight or loud quarrel; brawl. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fragility:}{\f0\cf1  condition of being easily broken, damaged or destroyed. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frail:}{\f0\cf1  fragile; weak; wanting in strength or firmness.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frailty:}{\f0\cf1  a weakness in health, character, etc.; fault or flaw. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame:}{\f0\cf1  an }{\f0\ul\cf1 individual }{\f0\cf1 picture which is part of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 series }{\f0\cf1 of pictures in a length of motion picture film. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 LCDH}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handling the PTS}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\f0\cf1  a way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\f0\cf1  a way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\f0\cf1  a way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\f0\cf1  a way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\f0\cf1  a way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\f0\cf1  a way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\f0\cf1  a way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind:}{\f0\cf1  way of thinking or feeling; disposition; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind: }{\f0\cf1 way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of mind: }{\f0\cf1 way of thinking or feeling; mood. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of reference: }{\f0\cf1 a structure of concepts, values, customs, views, etc., by means of which an individual or group perceives or evaluates data, communicates ideas and regulates behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of reference:}{\f0\cf1  a structure of concepts, values, customs, views, etc., by means of which an individual or group perceives or evaluates data, communicates ideas and regulates behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of reference:}{\f0\cf1  a structure of concepts, values, customs, views, etc., by means of which an individual or group perceives or evaluates data, communicates ideas and regulates behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of reference:}{\f0\cf1  a structure of concepts, values, customs, views, etc., by means of which an individual or group perceives or evaluates data, communicates ideas and regulates behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 frame of reference: }{\f0\cf1 
structure of concepts, values, customs, views, etc., by means of which an individual or group perceives or evaluates data, communicates ideas and regulates behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0\cf1 
 (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 frame of reference: }{\f0\cf1 the standards by which 
a person compares something to form an attitude, make a judgment or analysis, etc. For example, in the frame of reference of a truck driver, rain might just mean bad driving conditions, while for a farmer, in his frame of reference, rain means good crops.
 \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of reference: }{\f0\cf1 the standards by which a person compares something to form an attitude, make a judgment or analysis, etc. For example, in the frame of reference of a truck driver, rain might just mean bad dri
ving conditions, while for a farmer, in his frame of reference, rain means good crops. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frame of reference:}{\f0\cf1 
 the standards by which a person compares something to form an attitude, make a judgment or analysis, etc. For example, in the frame of reference of a truck driver, rain might just mean bad driving conditions, while for a farmer, in his frame of reference
, rain means good crops. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frames:}{\f0\cf1 *** any of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 individual }{\f0\cf1 pictures which are part of the }{\f0\ul\cf1 series }{\f0\cf1 of pictures in a length of motion picture film. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 France:}{\f0\cf1 
 a country in western Europe. At the end of the seventeenth century, France was a principal world power and cultural center of Europe with the etiquette of the French court becoming the model for the western European aristocracy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 France:}{\f0\cf1  a country in western Europe. In 1789, the people of France started a revolution that ended the thousand-year rule of k
ings in France and established the nation as a republic. Many thousands of French nobles and others considered enemies of the revolution were executed, including the king and queen of France. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise:}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise:}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise:}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise:***}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology Organizations}{\f0\cf1  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise:}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to organizations. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise:}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise:}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to organizations. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchise center:}{\f0\cf1  now called a }{\f0\ul\cf1 mission,}{\f0\cf1  a group granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #12, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchises:}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 missions,}{\f0\cf1  groups granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchises:}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 missions}{\f0\cf1 , groups granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new people in and up the line to orgs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchises:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  now called }{\f0\ul\cf1 missions,}{\f0\cf1  groups granted the privilege of delivering elementary Scientology and Dianetics services. The purpose of missions is to get new peop
le in and up the line to orgs. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 franchises: }{\f0\cf1 the privileges or rights granted by a government. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franchise Secretary:}{\f0\cf1  the person who was in charge of all Scientology franchises and field auditor matters at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Francis-Barnett:}{\f0\cf1  brand name of a line of British motorcycles manufactured between 1919 and 1964. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Francis-Barnett:}{\f0\cf1 *** brand name of a line of British motorcycles manufactured between 1919 and 1964. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Francis-Barnett:}{\f0\cf1  the brand name of a line of British motorcycles manufactured between 1919 and 1964. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franco: }{\f0\cf1 
(1892 - 1975) Spanish general; dictator of Spain (1939 - 75). After eight years of dictatorship, Franco published legislation in 1947 reestablishing a monarchy (a government or state headed by a hereditary sovereign, as a king, queen or emperor). The futu
re king, Juan Carlos, arrived in Spain in 1955 to be educated and groomed up for the throne. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franco-Berlin Wall unity:}{\f0\cf1 
 a reference to the Franco-German Treaty on Mutual Consultation and Cooperation, signed by France and West Germany on 22 January 1963. It provided for cooperation in foreign affairs, defense, education and information through periodic meetings of minister
s and other government officials. The \ldblquote Berlin Wall\rdblquote  refers to the fortified barrier of concre
te and wire erected in the city of Berlin, Germany in 1961 which divided the city into a communist section and a noncommunist section (just as the country was similarly divided between communist East and noncommunist West) to keep East Berliners from defe
cting to the West. The wall was finally torn down in 1990 and free passage between the two sections of the city was allowed once again. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franco-Berlin Wall unity:}{\f0\cf1  a reference to the Franco-German Treaty on Mutual Consultati
on and Cooperation, signed by France and West Germany on 22 January 1963. It provided for cooperation in foreign affairs, defense, education and information through periodic meetings of ministers and other government officials. The Berlin Wall refers to t
he fortified barrier of concrete and wire erected in the city of Berlin, Germany in 1961 which divided the city into a communist section and a noncommunist section just as Germany was similarly divided between East (communist) and West (noncommunist) to k
eep East Berliners from defecting to the West. The wall was finally torn down in 1990 and free passage between the two sections of the city was allowed once again. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franco, General: }{\f0\cf1 
Francisco Franco (1892 - 1975), Spanish general; head of Spain (1939 - 1975). He reorganized the country as a totalitarian state, with laws passed to eliminate opposition. Many thousands of Franco's political opponents were imprisoned. In 1947, he declare
d Spain a kingdom with himself regent. In January 1955, Juan Carlos (1938 -  ), grandson of a former king of Spain, arrived in Spain from Italy with Franco's approval to be educated and presumably to be groomed for the throne. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franco, Mr.:}{\f0\cf1 
 Francisco Franco (1892 - 1975), Spanish general; dictator of Spain (1939 - 1975). After eight years of dictatorship, Franco published legislation in 1947 reestablishing a monarchy (a government or state headed by a hereditary sovereign, as a king, queen 
or emperor).  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franco, Mr.:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 Francisco Franco (1892 - 1975), Spanish general; dictator of Spain (1939 - 1975). After eight years of dictatorship, Franco published legislation in 1947 reestablishing a monarchy (a government or state headed by a hereditary sovereign, as a king, queen 
or emperor).  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frank:}{\f0\cf1  free in expressing one's real thoughts, opinions and feelings; not hiding what is in one's mind; open. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankenstein:}{\f0\cf1  a destructive agency that cannot be controlled or that brings about the creator's ruin. The expression comes from a manlike monster in the 1818 novel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Frankenstein}{\f0\cf1 
 by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (1797 - 1851). In the novel, the monster was created by Dr. Victor Frankenstein from parts of cadavers (dead bodies) and brought to life by the power of an electrical charge. Frankenstein's monster was larger than most men 
and fantastically strong. Longing for sympathy and shunned by everyone, the creature ultimately turned to evil and finally destroyed its creator. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankenstein monster:}{\f0\cf1  ***a destructive agency that cannot be controlled or that brings about the creator's ruin. The expression comes from a manlike monster in the 1818 novel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Frankenstein}{\f0\cf1 
 by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (1797 - 1851). In the novel, the monster was created by Dr. Victor Frankenstein from parts of cadavers (dead bodies) and brought to life by the power of an electrical charge. Frankenstein's monster wa
s larger than most men and fantastically strong. Longing for sympathy and shunned by everyone, the creature ultimately turned to evil and finally destroyed its creator. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankenstein monster:}{\f0\cf1  a destructive agency that cannot be controlled or that brings about the creator's ruin. The expression comes from a manlike monster in the 1818 novel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Frankenstein}{\f0\cf1 
 by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (1797 - 1851). In the novel, the monster was created by Dr. Victor Frankenst
ein from parts of cadavers (dead bodies) and brought to life by the power of an electrical charge. Frankenstein's monster was larger than most men and fantastically strong. Longing for sympathy and shunned by everyone, the creature ultimately turned to ev
il and finally destroyed its creator. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankenstein's monster:}{\f0\cf1  a monster having the appearance of a man; specifically, the monster created by the protagonist of Mary W. Shelley's novel }{\f0\ul\cf1 Frankenstein}{\f0\cf1  (1818), which brought about
 the ruin of its creator. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 History of Man Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankfurt:}{\f0\cf1 
 one of the oldest cities and an important commercial center in Germany. Because of its importance as an industrial and transportation center in Germany's war effort in World War II, the city was very heavily bombed by Allied aircraft, being the target of
 over 10,000 tons of bombs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankfurt:}{\f0\cf1  one of the oldest cities and an important commercial center in Germany. Because of its impor
tance as an industrial and transportation center in Germany's war effort in World War II, the city was very heavily bombed by Allied aircraft, being the target of over 10,000 tons of bombs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frankfurter:}{\f0\cf1  a highly seasoned smoked sausage; a hot dog.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankie:}{\f0\cf1  Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 45). He was the first president to broadcast over the radio; his \ldblquote fireside chats\rdblquote 
 explained issues and policies to the people. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How to Present Scientology to the World Part II Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankie the Limper:}{\f0\cf1 
 a humorous reference to Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945). In the summer of 1921 he was stricken with infantile paralysis, which left him paralyzed from the waist down. With the aid of tre
atments, he was finally able to walk with the support of steel braces strapped from his hips to his feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankie the Limper:}{\f0\cf1 
 a humorous reference to Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945). In the summer of 1921 he was stricken with infantile paralysis, which left him paralyzed from the waist down. With the aid of tre
atments, he was finally able to walk with the support of steel braces strapped from his hips to his feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frankie the Limper:}{\f0\cf1  a humorou
s reference to Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945). In the summer of 1921 he was stricken with infantile paralysis, which left him paralyzed from the waist down. With the aid of treatments, h
e was finally able to walk with the support of steel braces strapped from his hips to his feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Frankie the Limper:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 humorous reference to Franklin Delano Roosevelt. In the summer of 1921 he was stricken with infantile paralysis,
 which left him paralyzed from the waist down. With the aid of treatments, he was finally able to walk with the support of steel braces strapped from his hips to his feet. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Roosevelt, Franklin Delano}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handling the PTS}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Frankie the Limper:}{\f0\cf1 
 humorous reference to Franklin Delano Roosevelt, thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945). In the summer of 1921 he was stricken with infantile paralysis, which left him paralyzed from the waist down. With the aid
 of treatments, he was finally able to walk with the support of steel braces strapped from his hips to his feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin, Ben:}{\f0\cf1  Benjamin Franklin (1706 - 1790), patriot, diplomat, author, printer, scientist and inventor of the eighteenth century. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin, Ben:}{\f0\cf1  Benjamin Franklin (1706 - 1790), patriot, diplomat, author, printer, scientist and inventor of the eighteenth century. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin, Ben:}{\f0\cf1  Benjamin Franklin (1706 - 1790), patriot, diplomat, author, printer, scientist and inventor of the eighteenth century. One of the works that he published, }{\f0\ul\cf1 Poor Richard's Almanack,}{\f0\cf1 
 achieved enormous success. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Poor Richard's Almanack}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin, Ben:}{\f0\cf1  Benjamin Franklin: (1706 - 1790) famous American statesman, scientist and philosopher. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin, Benjamin:}{\f0\cf1  (1706 - 90) famous American statesman, scientist and philosopher. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin, Benjamin:}{\f0\cf1  (1706 - 1790) famous American statesman, scientist and philosopher. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin, Benjamin:}{\f0\cf1  (1706 - 1790) famous American statesman, scientist and philosopher. Franklin was the deputy postmaster general of the American colonies from 1753 - 1774. Although the }{\f0\ul\cf1 Saturday Evening Post }{\f0\cf1 
has Benjamin Franklin on its logo, the only connection of this magazine and Benjamin Franklin is that it was begun in the building and with some of the equipment of the defunct }{\f0\ul\cf1 Pennsylvania Gazette,}{\f0\cf1 
 a newspaper which was edited by Franklin 1729 - 1748. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin, Benjamin:}{\f0\cf1  Benjamin Franklin (1706 - 1790), patriot, diplomat, author, printer, scientist and inventor of the eighteenth century. His picture appears on the United States one-hundred dollar bill. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin Delano:}{\f0\cf1  Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945). He was the first president to broadcast over the radio; his \ldblquote fireside chats\rdblquote 
 (informal discussions) explained issues and policies to the people. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Franklin Delano:}{\f0\cf1  reference to Franklin Delano Roosevelt. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Roosevelt}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fraternize:}{\f0\cf1  associate on intimate terms. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fraught with:}{\f0\cf1  full of; accompanied by; involving. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frauleins:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (German)}{\f0\cf1  unmarried women. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frazer's }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Golden Bough:}{\f0\cf1 
 a comprehensive work on comparative religion and mythology by Sir James George Frazer (1854 - 1941), Scottish scholar and anthropologist. Its opening passages describe an ancient Italian folk custom regarding the King of the Wood: Near Lake Nemi (a lake 
near Rome) in Italy was a sacred grove of the goddess Diana. In it was a special golden tree. To become a priest of Diana and King of the Wood one had to succeed in pulling dow
n a bough of this tree and thus earn the right to duel to the death with the current King of the Wood. If he won he would then assume the position until another, stronger aspirant came along and succeeded in killing him, becoming in his turn the King of t
he Wood. Frazer's initial intent was to trace the source of this legend. Drawing from similar traditions and rituals of other peoples, his work expanded and tied together (sometimes incorrectly) many myths and legends from around the world. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frazer's }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Golden Bough:}{\f0\cf1 
 a comprehensive work on comparative religion and mythology by Sir James George Frazer (1854 - 1941), Scottish scholar and anthropologist. Its opening passages describe an ancient Italian folk custom regarding the King of the Wood: Near Lake Nemi in Italy
 was a sacred grove of the goddess Diana. In it was a special golden tree. To become a priest of Diana and King of the Wood one had to succeed in pulling down a bough of this tree and thus earn the right to duel to t
he death with the current King of the Wood. If he won he would then assume the position until another, stronger aspirant came along and succeeded in killing him, becoming in his turn the King of the Wood. Frazer's initial intent was to trace the source of
 this legend. Drawing from similar traditions and rituals of other peoples, his work expanded and tied together (sometimes incorrectly) many myths and legends from around the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frazer's }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Golden Bough:}{\f0\cf1 
 a comprehensive work on comparative religion and mythology by Sir James George Frazer (1854 - 1941), Scottish scholar and anthropologist. Its opening passages describe an ancient Italian folk custom regarding the King of the Wood: Near Lake Nemi (a lake 
near Rome) in Italy was a sacred grove of the goddess Diana. In it was a special golden tree. To become a priest of Diana and King of the Wood one had to succeed in pulling down a bough of this tree and thus earn the right to duel to the death with the
 current King of the Wood. If he won he would then assume the position until another, stronger aspirant came along and succeeded in killing him, becoming in his turn the King of the Wood. Frazer's initial intent was to trace the source of this legend. Dra
wing from similar traditions and rituals of other peoples, his work expanded and tied together (sometimes incorrectly) many myths and legends from around the world.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frazzle:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a state of being physically or emotionally exhausted. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freak:}{\f0\cf1  a thing or occurrence that is markedly unusual or irregular.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freak:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a person who has withdrawn from normal, rational behavior and activities to pursue one interest or obsession. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freakeries:}{\f0\cf1  a coined word meaning sudden capricious turns of mind; whim. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freakishly:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  in a manner oddly different from what is usual or normal; queerly; abnormally. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization and Ethics}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freaks:}{\f0\cf1 *** abnormal phenomena or products or unusual objects; anomalies (deviations from the common rule, type, arrangement or form). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freaky:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  unusual or abnormal.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fred:}{\f0\cf1  a Saint Hill Special Briefing Course Instructor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fred:}{\f0\cf1  a Saint Hill Special Briefing Course Instructor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frederick:}{\f0\cf1  (1372? - 1440) German prince who saved the life of King Sigismund in the battle with Bayazid in 1396. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Bayazid the Thunderer}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frederick of Prussia:}{\f0\cf1 
 (1712 - 86) King of Prussia (1740 - 86). Known as Frederick the Great, he conducted intermittent campaigns of conquest into neighboring countries. The wars he took his country into eventually involved all of Europe. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frederick of Prussia:}{\f0\cf1 
 reference to Frederick II (1194 - 1250), German king (1212 - 1220) and emperor (1220 - 1250). He was a patron of the arts and sciences as well as a poet and scientist himself. His court was a center for learned men, including Arabic and Jewish scientists
 and philosophers. During his reign, public baths and private latrines were reintroduced in Europe. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 free association: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (psychoanalysis)}{\f0\cf1  the technique of having the patient talk spontaneously, expressing without inhibition whatever ideas, memories, etc., come to mind; used to discover and clarify repressed material. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 free association: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (psychoanalysis)}{\f0\cf1  the technique of having the patient talk spontaneously, expressing without inhibition whatever ideas, memories, etc., come to mind; used to discover and clarify repressed material. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freedom:}{\f0\cf1  ability to create and position energy or matter in time and space. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 LRH, 8-8008 - Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freedom: }{\f0\cf1 a journal of Scientology which champions human rights and is well known for its investigative reporting. it has a wide international readership. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freedom Congress:}{\f0\cf1  a series of lectures given from 4 July through 7 July 1957 by L. Ron Hubbard in Washington, DC. The focus of the congress was the broad release of one of the key developments in Scientology history: a full array 
of training drills designed to boost an individual's ability to communicate and handle life. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR7 Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 15 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 free enterprise:}{\f0\cf1  the freedom of private businesses to operate competitively for profit with minimal government regulation. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 free needle:}{\f0\cf1  also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 floating needle (F/N)}{\f0\cf1 . }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 floating needle}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 free rein:}{\f0\cf1  complete freedom to do as one chooses. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 free rein:}{\f0\cf1  complete freedom to do as one chooses. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Free Scientology Center:}{\f0\cf1 *** a service provided by the org (Division 6A, Department 16D) where free student auditing is available to the community and public who have not yet received Scientology services. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Free Scientology Center:}{\f0\cf1  a service provided by the org where free student auditing is available to the community and public who have not yet received Scientology services. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Free Scientology Center:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  a service provided by the org where free student auditing is available to the community and public who have not yet received Scientology services. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handling the PTS}{
\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 freeways:}{\f0\cf1  highways with several lanes and no intersections or stoplights; expressways. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 freewheeling: }{\f0\cf1 
early (1950) Dianetics procedure done between sessions by the preclear during periods of intensive processing, which deintensifies and runs out somatics, grief, terror or anaten. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Important note on freewheeling:}{\f0\cf1 
 On 28 June 1951, in a lecture, \ldblquote The Complete Auditor,\rdblquote  to the First Annual Conference of Hubbard Dianetic Auditors, LRH gave a }{\f0\ul\cf1 Final Report on Freewheeling.}{\f0\cf1  In this lecture he said that freewheeling does }{
\f0\ul\cf1 not}{\f0\cf1  benefit cases, and does not reduce engrams. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freewheeling:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  independence of action and initiative. From the feature of certain 1930s cars permitting them to coast }{\f0\ul\cf1 freely }{\f0\cf1  without being slowed by the engine. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freeze up:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial) }{\f0\cf1 become unfriendly, secretive or aloof. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freighter: }{\f0\cf1 a vessel used mainly for carrying cargo.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freighter: }{\f0\cf1 a vessel used mainly for carrying cargo. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freight train:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 ***(US) }{\f0\cf1 a railroad train of freight cars. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French:}{\f0\cf1 
 people of France, a country in Europe. In the seventeenth century, French penetration of North America, east Africa and southern India paved the way for the eighteenth-century colonial struggle between France and Great Britain. In this struggle, France l
ost its empire in India and North America, and England emerged as possessor of the world's greatest empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf2 French, excuse (my):}{\f0\cf2 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  forgive (me) for using offensive language. Often used humorously. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Rudiments, Valences}{\f0\cf1  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French, excuse (my): }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  forgive (me) for using offensive language. Often used humorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French, excuse (my): }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  forgive (me) for using offensive language. Often used humorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Foreign Legion: }{\f0\cf1 a corps of foreign volunteers and mercenaries, which forms an integral part of the French Army. Recruits between the ages of eighteen and forty are accepted, regardless of 
nationality, background or occupation, and without being required to show any proof of identity. Individuals have enlisted in this service for a variety of reasons, including to escape from political or personal situations, and to satisfy a desire for adv
enture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Foreign Legion: }{\f0\cf1 a corps of foreign volunteers and mercenaries, which forms an integral part of the French Army. Recruits between the ages of eighteen and forty are accepted, regardless of nationality, background or oc
cupation, and without being required to show any proof of identity. Individuals have enlisted in this service for a variety of reasons, including to escape from political or personal situations, and to satisfy a desire for adventure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Foreign Legion:}{\f0\cf1 
 a corps of foreign volunteers and mercenaries, which forms an integral part of the French Army. Recruits between the ages of eighteen and forty are accepted, regardless of nationality, background or occupation, and witho
ut being required to show any proof of identity. Individuals have enlisted in this service for a variety of reasons, including to escape from political or personal situations, and to satisfy a desire for adventure. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Foreign Legion:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 a corps of foreign volunteers and mercenaries, which forms an integral part of the French Army. Recruits between the ages of eighteen and forty are accepted, regardless of nationality, background or occupation, and without being requir
ed to show any proof of identity. Individuals have enlisted in this service for a variety of reasons, including to escape from political or personal situations, and to satisfy a desire for adventure. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Awareness Levels }{\f0\cf1 
App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Foreign Legion: }{\f0\cf1 
a corps of foreign volunteers and mercenaries which forms an integral part of the French Army. Recruits between the ages of eighteen and forty are accepted, regardless of nationality, background or occupation, and without being required to show any proof
 of identity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French fries: }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  potatoes cut lengthwise into strips and fried in very hot, deep fat until crisp. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French fries:*** }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  potatoes cut lengthwise into strips and fried in very hot, deep fat until crisp. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR 7, Upper Indoc TRs Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved 14-11-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French fries:***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  potatoes cut lengthwise into strips and fried in very hot, deep fat until crisp. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR7 Film Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 15 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Guiana:}{\f0\cf1  a French overseas department (administrative district) in northeast South America on the Atlantic Ocean. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Guiana:}{\f0\cf1  a French overseas department (administrative district) in northeast South America on the Atlantic Ocean. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French horn: }{\f0\cf1 a brass-wind instrument with a long, coiled tube ending in a wide, flaring bell. Originally so named because it came to England from France and was thought to have been invented there. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 EM-9A}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French horn:}{\f0\cf1 ***}{\b\f0\cf1  }{\f0\cf1 a brass-wind instrument with a long, coiled tube ending in a wide, flaring bell. Originally so named because it came to England from France and was thought to have been invented there. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 EM 9A Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 25 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French, pardon my: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  excuse my profanity.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #11, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French postal cards:}{\f0\cf1  any pornographic photographs. From the traditional tourist's story of Paris street vendors selling pornographic picture postcards and photographs openly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  the revolution of the people of France against the monarchy in 1789. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napoleon's seizure of power in 1799. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy
 of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napoleon's seizure of power in 1799. During this time a French physician, Joseph Guillotin, devised a machine for beheading people quickly and with minimal pain. It used
 a large falling knife blade and was called (after its inventor) the guillotine. This was used during the French Revolution and was the official method of execution in France until the twentieth century. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napoleon's seizure of power in 1799. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napoleon's seizure of power in 1799. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napoleon's seizure of power in 1799. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napoleon's seizure of power in 1799. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napol\'e9
on Bonaparte's (1769 - 1821) seizure of power in 1799 as the dictator of France. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TR-9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napoleon's seizure of power in 1799. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 French Revolution:}{\f0\cf1  the revolution that began in France in 1789, overthrew the absolute monarchy of the French royal family and the system of aristocratic privileges, and ended with Napol\'e9
on Bonaparte's (1769 - 1821) seizure of power in 1799 as the dictator of France. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 French S\'fbret\'e9:}{\f0\cf1  the French police department of criminal investigation. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frequency: }{\f0\cf1 the number of times something is repeated in a certain period (i.e., a }{\f0\ul\cf1 frequency}{\f0\cf1  of 1,000 vibrations per second). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 28.1.90

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frequency:}{\f0\cf1  the rate of recurrence of any regularly repeated event, e.g., a vibration; the number of times that it occurs in a second or other assumed unit of time. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fresh as a daisy:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  very fresh. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freshened:}{\f0\cf1  increased in strength; said of the wind. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fresh out of: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  having just used up the last one or part of. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1 *** Freud, Sigmund (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{
\b\f0\ul\cf1  libido theory}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 
Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years wh
ile the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual signi
ficances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject an
d its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  Freudian analysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1 
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  Freudian analysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  Freudian analysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade

\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NED}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Perception of Truth}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1 
 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhoo
d for
 years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements an
d evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1 
 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. A system of mental therapy developed in 1894 which depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childh
ood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual signif
icances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and
 its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian analysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 
1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. A system of mental therapy developed in 1894 which depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the
 practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them
 for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 
Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about 
and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual signific
ances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and i
ts offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1 
 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhoo
d for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The pract
itioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent 
failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in the glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{
\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894. It depended upon the followi
ng practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be th
e only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for the
ir lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1 
 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 which depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childh
ood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searc
hed for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon 
false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psych
oanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 which depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's per
sonality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points l
ater proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 
Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. Psychoanalysis is a system of mental therapy which depends upon the following practices for its effects: the patient is made to talk about and recall his childhood for year
s while the practitioner brings about a transfer of th
e patient's personality to his own and searches for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration; the practitioner reads sexual significances into all statements and evaluates them for the patient along sexual lines. Each o
f these points later proved to be based on false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of results and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud: }{\f0\cf1 Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian analysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Dr.:}{\f0\cf1  Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Hopalong:}{\f0\cf1  a humorous reference to Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Hopalong}{\f0\cf1 
 comes from an American Western movie and television hero, Hopalong Cassidy, who adhered to strict moral codes. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 Cassidy, Hopalong}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  an adherent of the doctrines of Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  characteristic of Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  characteristic of the works of Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis, a sy
stem of mental therapy developed in 1894. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his o
wn and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be
 based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  characteristic of the works of Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Games Congress Gls}{\f0\cf1  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or concerning Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian: }{\f0\cf1 of or concerning Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  ***of or concerning Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Sigmund}{\f0\cf1  and}{\f0\ul\cf1  }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or concerning Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Sigmund}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or havin
g to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. A system of mental therapy developed in 1894 which depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recal
l his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances int
o 
all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoot
s.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian analysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of 
or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist. He was the founder of psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 which depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to t
alk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexua
l 
significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subje
ct and its offshoots.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 19
}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29
}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Sigmund }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Sigmund }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash NED}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Papa}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Sigmund }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian:}{\f0\cf1  referring to Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  also called}{\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis,}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 19
39), Austrian neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched
 for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon fal
se premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1 . }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1 . }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1 . }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  also known as }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis:}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brou
ght about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read 
sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of th
e subject and its offshoots. Also called}{\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary.}{\f0\ul\cf1   \emdash SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brou
ght about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements
 and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called
 }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk a
bout and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual sig
nificances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject 
and its offshoots. Also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Sigmund}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary.
}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 27}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brou
ght about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden s
exual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises a
nd incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called}{\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 22.2.91

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis: }{\f0\cf1 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. Also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis. See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud}{\f0\cf1  and}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis: }{\f0\cf1 
a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's
 personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the onl
y cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their la
ck of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis. \emdash SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its
 effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aber
ration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result an
d the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called}{\f0\ul\cf1  psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis: }{\f0\cf1 
a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's
 personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud t
o be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting 
for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1 *** same as }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1 . }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 
psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 see }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analyst:}{\f0\cf1  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analyst:}{\f0\cf1  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analyst:}{\f0\cf1  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian analyst:}{\f0\cf1  same as psychoanalyst. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian complex: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian,}{\f0\cf1  of or having to do with Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist, his teachings or the techniques of }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1 , and }{\f0\ul\cf1 complex, }{\f0\cf1 
a fixed idea; an obsessive notion. Thus }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian complex}{\f0\cf1  refers to the name and/or description given in psychoanalytical terminology for different types of obsessive behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Road To Truth Glossary.}{
\f0\cf1  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian dream analysis: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (psychoanalysis)}{\f0\cf1  a technique in which the practitioner assumes that dreams have psychological meaning and attempts to arrive at an interpretation of them for the patient. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian psychoanalysis:}{\f0\cf1  another name for }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian analysis. See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian analysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian psychoanalysis:}{\f0\cf1  a system of mental therapy developed in 
1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's per
sonality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points l
ater proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian psychoanalysis:}{\f0\cf1  same as }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian analysis:}{\f0\cf1 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitio
ner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the p
atient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also simply called }{\f0\ul\cf1 
psychoanalysis.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian psychoanalyst:}{\f0\cf1  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\f0\cf1  }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Hopalong}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudians:}{\f0\cf1  followers of Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudians:}{\f0\cf1  persons practicing the system of mental therapy developed by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudians:}{\f0\cf1  persons practicing the system of mental therapy developed by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939). }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud }{\f0\cf1 and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudians:}{\f0\cf1  persons practicing the system of mental therapy developed by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and the founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian slip:}{\f0\cf1  an inadvertent mistake in speech or writing that supposedly reveals an unconscious motive, wish, attitude, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NVRD}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian subconscious:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (psychoanalysis)}{\f0\cf1 
 the sum of all thoughts, memories, impulses, desires, feelings, etc., of which the individual is not conscious but which influence his emotions and behavior. In actuality, the \ldblquote unconscious\rdblquote 
 is the sum of all a man's bad experiences and nothing more mysterious than that. In Dianetics and Scientology it is called the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian unconscious:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (psychoanalysis)}{\f0\cf1  the sum of all 
thoughts, memories, impulses, desires, feelings, etc., of which the individual is not conscious but which influence his emotions and behavior. In actuality, the \ldblquote unconscious\rdblquote 
 is the sum of all a man's bad experiences and nothing more mysterious than that. In Dianetics and Scientology it is called the reactive mind. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 reactive mind}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian unconscious, reconscious, deconscious, munconscious:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (psychoanalysis)}{\f0\cf1  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian subconscious,}{\f0\cf1 
 the sum of all thoughts, memories, impulses, desires, feelings, etc., of which the individual is not conscious but which influence his emotions and behavior. In actuality, the \ldblquote unconscious\rdblquote 
 is the sum of all a man's bad experiences and nothing more mysterious than that. In Dianetics and Scientology it is called the reactive mind. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freudian}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 reactive mind}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 State of Man Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudophobia:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for a phobia. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freudo}{\f0\cf1  is a humorous reference to Sigmund Freud. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Sigmund}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 phobia}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudosis:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for an illness, coined from }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freud,}{\f0\cf1  and the suffix }{\f0\ul\cf1 -osis,}{\f0\cf1  an abnormal or diseased condition. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Freud, Sigmund}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Papa: }{\f0\cf1 a humorous reference to Sigmund Freud.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  Freud}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Papa: }{\f0\cf1 a humorous reference to Sigmund Freud.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  Freud}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Papa: }{\f0\cf1 a humorous reference to Sigmund Freud.}{\f0\ul\cf1  See also}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  Freud}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Papa:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  humorous reference to Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Handling the PTS}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund: }{\f0\cf1 (1856-1939) Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund: }{\f0\cf1 (1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also}{\b\f0\cf1  psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of }{\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis:}{\f0\cf1 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to 
his own and
 searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based
 upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund: }{\f0\cf1 (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician an
d neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. A system of mental therapy developed in 1894 which depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about 
a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexua
l lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{
\f0\cf1  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 See also psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\cf1 Freudian}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  ***(1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Freud, Sigmund:}{\f0\cf1  (1856 - 1939) Austrian physician and neurologist. In 1894 Freud made his first developments in psychoanalysis. }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 See also psychoanalysis }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 freund:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (German)}{\f0\cf1  friend. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 Friday, Sergeant:}{\f0\cf1  the main character in }{\f0\ul\cf1 Dragnet,}{\f0\cf1 
 a TV documentary crime drama about the daily experiences of Los Angeles Police Sergeant Joe Friday which was based on actual case histories. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fridge:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a refrigerator. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{
\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fridge:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a refrigerator. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frieze:}{\f0\cf1 *** a decoration or series of decorations forming an ornamental band around a room, mantel, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Art Book Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frigate:}{\f0\cf1  a fast, medium-sized sailing warship of the eighteenth and early nineteenth century. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 friggle:}{\f0\cf1  a trifling thing; a frivolous notion, idea or characteristic. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frigid:}{\f0\cf1  habitually failing to become sexually aroused, or abnormally repelled by sexual activity: said of a woman. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frigid:}{\f0\cf1  habitually failing to become sexually aroused, or abnormally repelled by sexual activity: said of a woman.}{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frigidaire:}{\f0\cf1  an electric refrigerator. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frigidaire:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (trademark)}{\f0\cf1  the brand name of an electric refrigerator which came to be a common term for any refrigerator. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fritter-fritter:}{\f0\cf1 *** }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  into small pieces or fragments. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fritzie:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a German, especially a German soldier. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fritzie:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a German, especially a German soldier. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frogation:}{\f0\cf1  a humorously made-up term from the word}{\f0\ul\cf1  frog}{\f0\cf1  and the suffix }{\f0\ul\cf1 -ation,}{\f0\cf1  meaning coming from or resulting from frogs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{
\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 from A to izzard:}{\f0\cf1  completely, thoroughly, all the way. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Izzard}{\f0\cf1  is a dialectic form of the letter }{\f0\ul\cf1 Z. \emdash SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 from A to izzard:}{\f0\cf1  completely, thoroughly, all the way. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Izzard}{\f0\cf1  is a dialectic form of the letter }{\f0\ul\cf1 Z. \emdash SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 from A to izzard:}{\f0\cf1  completely, thoroughly, all the way. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Izzard}{\f0\cf1  is a dialectic form of the letter }{\f0\ul\cf1 Z. \emdash SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fromberg:}{\f0\cf1  a town in southcentral Montana, in the United States. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Montana}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fromberg:}{\f0\cf1  a town in south central Montana, US. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fromm-Reichmann, Frieda:}{\f0\cf1  (1889 - 1957) German psychoanalyst and psychiatrist. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychiatrist}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33
}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fromm-Reichmann, Frieda:}{\f0\cf1  (1889 - 1957) German psychoanalyst and psychiatrist. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalysis}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychiatrist}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fromm-Reichmann, Frieda:}{\f0\cf1  (1889 - 1957) German psychoanalyst and psychiatrist. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychiatrist}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fromm-Reichmann, Frieda:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  (1889 - 1957) German psychoanalyst and psychiatrist. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 psychoanalyst}{\f0\cf1  and }{\b\f0\cf1 psychiatrist}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 from the word go:}{\f0\cf1   }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  from the start. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 from the word go: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  from the start. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 from the word go:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  from the start. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 from the word go: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 from the very beginning. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front:}{\f0\cf1  an appearance, usually pretended or assumed, of social standing, wealth, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  an outward appearance, as of wealth, importance or happiness. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  an outward appearance, as of wealth, importance or happiness.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Five Conditions}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front:}{\f0\cf1  meet face to face; confront. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frontal lobe:}{\f0\cf1  portion of the brain behind the forehead. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front and center:}{\f0\cf1  a command to present oneself at once. From the position in front of a military formation where a singled-out soldier presents himself or herself. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front burner:}{\f0\cf1  the opposite of }{\f0\ul\cf1 on the back burner,}{\f0\cf1 
 which means in or into a condition of low priority or temporary deferment. From the custom in cooking of placing pots not requiring immediate attention toward the rear of the stove. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FPRD Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front burner, on the:}{\f0\cf1  being actively considered. The opposite of }{\f0\ul\cf1 on the back burner}{\f0\cf1 . From the custom in cooking of placing pots not requiring immediate attention toward the rear of the stove. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front burner, on the:}{\f0\cf1  being actively considered. The opposite of }{\f0\ul\cf1 on the back burner}{\f0\cf1 . From the custom in cooking of placing pots not requiring immediate attention toward the rear of the stove. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front burner, put on the:}{\f0\cf1  actively consider. The opposite of }{\f0\ul\cf1 put on the back burner}{\f0\cf1 . From the custom in cooking of placing pots not requiring immediate attention toward the rear of the stove. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front burners, cooking on both:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  putting a project, idea, suggestion, etc., into full use, action or consideration. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 on the back burner,}{\f0\cf1 
 meaning in reserve. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Promotion and Registration}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fronting:}{\f0\cf1  meeting face to face; confronting. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fronting for:}{\f0\cf1  leading; taking the forward or most responsible position for. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fronting for:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  leading; taking the forward or most responsible position for.\emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Individuation}{\f0\cf1  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front office:}{\f0\cf1  the executive or administrative office of a company, organization, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 front office:}{\f0\cf1  the executive or administrative office of a company, organization, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fronts:}{\f0\cf1  manners of looking or behaving. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 World Book Dictionary.}{\f0\cf1  (The Road to
 Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front up to:}{\f0\cf1  stand face to face with, meet face to face, look straight at, face, confront. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 front up to:}{\f0\cf1  stand face to face with, meet face to face, look straight at, face, confront. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 froths:}{\f0\cf1  gives out or emits like froth (foaming saliva coming from the mouth, caused by disease, exertion, etc.). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frowning:***}{\f0\cf1  looking with displeasure or disapproval (}{\f0\ul\cf1 on}{\f0\cf1  or }{\f0\ul\cf1 upon}{\f0\cf1 ). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Frud, Bill:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frugals:}{\f0\cf1  things sparingly supplied or used. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a foolish, eccentric or crazy person. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a foolish, eccentric or crazy person. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a foolish, eccentric or crazy person. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 8}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang) }{\f0\cf1 crazy or eccentric; nuts. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  insane; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  insane, nutty. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  insane; nutty. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  insane, nutty. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruitcake, nuttier than a:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  very crazy; entirely mad.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruition:}{\f0\cf1  a coming to fulfillment; realization. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruition:}{\f0\cf1  attainment of anything desired, realization; accomplishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruition:}{\f0\cf1  results attained by work; realization. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruits:}{\f0\cf1  advantages; benefits; enjoyment; profits. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 fruits:}{\f0\cf1  advantages; benefits; enjoyment; profits. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fruits:}{\f0\cf1  results, products or consequences of any actions.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 frying:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  torturing (a person or thing) by fire; burning or scorching (something). Used figuratively in this lecture.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Organization and Ethics}{\f0\cf1 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fry (someone's) hair:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  shock, frighten, horrify or amaze (someone). A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 curl (someone's) hair.}{\f0\cf1  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FSM:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 f}{\f0\cf1 ield }{\f0\ul\cf1 s}{\f0\cf1 taff }{\f0\ul\cf1 m}{\f0\cf1 
ember: a Scientologist in the field (the general areas, individuals and groups serviced by Scientology organizations) wh
o disseminates Scientology through personal contact and by selling LRH books. The field staff member selects persons to be trained or processed and brings them into the org for services. The purpose of the field staff member is to help contact, handle, sa
lvage and bring to understanding the individual and thus the peoples of Earth. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FSM:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 field staff member. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 field staff member}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FSM:***}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 field staff member. See }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 field staff member}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0\cf1  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FSO:}{\f0\cf1  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul\cf1 F}{\f0\cf1 lag }{\f0\ul\cf1 S}{\f0\cf1 hip }{\f0\ul\cf1 O}{\f0\cf1 rder. An issue which never goes off Flag and has full distribution to Flagship's personnel. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fubble-fubbled:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fubble-fubbled:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  totally botched and confused; jumbled up. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fubble-fubbled:}{\f0\cf1  word coined from the slang word }{\f0\ul\cf1 fubb,}{\f0\cf1  meaning \ldblquote messed up beyond all belief.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fubbles: }{\f0\cf1 a coined term from the slang word }{\f0\ul\cf1 fubb,}{\f0\cf1  meaning \ldblquote messes up beyond all belief.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fubbles:*** }{\f0\cf1 word coined from the slang word }{\f0\ul\cf1 fubb,}{\f0\cf1  meaning \ldblquote messes up beyond all belief.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fubbles: }{\f0\cf1 word coined from the slang word }{\f0\ul\cf1 fubb,}{\f0\cf1  meaning \ldblquote messes up beyond all belief.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fuchs:}{\f0\cf1  Klaus Emil Julius Fuchs (19
11 - 1988), German physicist. He played a part in the development of the first atomic bombs and worked at the Harwell Atomic Energy Establishment from 1946 until 1950, when he pleaded guilty to having supplied secret information to the Russians and was se
ntenced to fourteen years imprisonment. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fud:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  short for }{\f0\ul\cf1 fuddy-duddy, }{\f0\cf1 a fussy, ineffectual person.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuddles around:}{\f0\cf1  muddles around; acts confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuddy-duddies:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  people who are out of date and unable to accept new ideas.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Five Conditions}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuddy-duddies: }{\f0\cf1 people who are out of date and unable to accept new ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuel rod:}{\f0\cf1  nuclear fuel contained in a long thin-walled tube, an array of such tubes forming the core of a nuclear reactor. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuel-spits:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up name for a part of an engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fugged up:}{\f0\cf1  in a fog; in a state of mental dimness and confusion; blurred, bewildered. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fulcrum:}{\f0\cf1  the point on which a lever is balanced when a force is exerted. [DIAGRAM] \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fulcrum:}{\f0\cf1  the point on which a lever is balanced when a force is exerted. [DIAGRAM] \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fulcrum:}{\f0\cf1  the support or point of support on which a lever turns in raising or moving something. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 full-blown: }{\f0\cf1 fully developed; complete. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 full-dress parade:}{\f0\cf1  characterized by exhaustive thoroughness. From the idea of a military unit parading in full dress uniform. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 full-dress parade:}{\f0\cf1  characterized by exhaustive thoroughness. From the idea of a military unit parading in full-dress uniform. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 full-dress-parade:}{\f0\cf1 *** of or pertaining to a military assembly for display or inspection (parade), which is formal and complete in all details (full-dress). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fuller, Buckminster:}{\f0\cf1  (1895 - 1983) American author, builder and designer. He devised a mathematical system called }{\f0\ul\cf1 dymaxion geometry.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 dymaxion geometry }{\f0\cf1 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fuller, Buckminster:}{\f0\cf1  (1895 - 1983) American author, builder and designer. He devised a mathematical system called }{\f0\ul\cf1 dymaxion geometry.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 dymaxion geometry }{\f0\cf1 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Conquest of Chaos}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fuller, Buckminster:}{\f0\cf1  (1895 - 1983) American author, builder and designer. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Dymaxion geometry }{\f0\cf1 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fuller, Buckminster:}{\f0\cf1  (1895 - 1983), American author, builder and designer. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Dymaxion geometry}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fuller, Bucky:}{\f0\cf1  Buckminster Fuller (1895 - 1983), American author, builder and designer. He devised a mathematical system called }{\f0\ul\cf1 Dymaxion geometry.}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 Dymaxion }{\f0\cf1 means \ldblquote 
yielding maximum performance from available technology.\rdblquote  The system is based on forces balanced against each other and on the way that certain figures fit together to make forms. It is used in architecture and philosophy. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fuller, Margaret: }{\f0\cf1 (1810-50) American editor, essayist, poet and teacher. She was known as a writer on social problems. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuller's earth:}{\f0\cf1  a soft, claylike mixture used for removing grease from cloth and in refining mineral, vegetable and animal oils. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 full gear:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  at full speed; in effective operation. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ron's Journal 38}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 full house:}{\f0\cf1  a poker hand containing three of a kind and a pair, such as three eights and two fives. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 hand}{\f0\cf1  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 full play, in:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 in full swing,}{\f0\cf1  actively going on; in full action. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Fulton:}{\f0\cf1  Robert Fulton (1765 - 1815), American engineer and inventor; builder of the first profitable steamboat. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fumble and punch:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  a variation of the term }{\f0\ul\cf1 hunt and peck,}{\f0\cf1 
 a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fumble-bum:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up term coined from }{\f0\ul\cf1 fumble,}{\f0\cf1  to handle (a thing) clumsily, and }{\f0\ul\cf1 bum,}{\f0\cf1  poor in quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fumbled-dumbled: }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  a coined expression meaning bungled; spoiled by clumsy work or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fume:}{\b\f0\cf7 ***}{\f0\cf1  show anger or irritation; make angry complaints. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Government and Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fumes:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  shows, or gives way to anger, annoyance, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Grad V}{\f0\cf1  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fumes:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  shows, or gives way to anger, annoyance, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fund:}{\f0\cf1  a supply that can be drawn upon; stock; store. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Fundamentals of Thought:}{\f0\cf1  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1956, containing basic Scientology principles and procedures. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fun-house:}{\f0\cf1  of or pertaining to an amusement park building that is specially constructed and has devices for surprising and amusing the patrons walking through. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fun-house:}{\f0\cf1 *** of or pertaining to an amusement park building that is specially constructed and has devices for surprising and amusing the patrons walking through. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 funk:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1 ***1) }{\f0\ul\cf1 (jazz slang) }{\f0\cf1 a type of earthy (coarse; unrefined) blues with origins in gospel singing and African rhythms. 2) }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal) }{\f0\cf1 a mood of idle depression. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 funk:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a cowering or flinching through fear; panic. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 funk:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  the condition of being greatly afraid or in a panic. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 funnel:}{\f0\cf1  a stack for the passage of smoke; especially, the smokestack of a ship or locomotive. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fur flies, the:}{\f0\cf1  things are done quickly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fur flying:}{\f0\cf1  things being done quickly. Referring to animals or birds that are fighting and losing pieces of fur or a few feathers. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fur is flying:}{\f0\cf1  things are being done quickly. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 furor: }{\f0\cf1 a general outburst of enthusiasm, excitement, controversy or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 furor: }{\f0\cf1 a general outburst of enthusiasm, excitement, controversy or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 furtherance:}{\f0\cf1  the act of furthering; promotion; advancement. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 furtive:}{\f0\cf1  done by stealth; secret. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuse:}{\f0\cf1  a wire or strip of easily melted metal, usually set in a plug, placed in a circuit as a safeguard: if the current becomes too strong, the metal melts, thus breaking the circuit. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuse:}{\f0\cf1  to connect a fuse to (}{\f0\ul\cf1 fuse}{\f0\cf1 \'d1
a wire or strip of easily melted metal, usually set in a plug, placed in a circuit as a safeguard: if the current becomes too strong, the metal melts, thus breaking the circuit). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 Final Approval early March 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fusion: }{\f0\cf1 the combining of lightweight atomic nuclei in
to a nucleus of heavier mass with the release of great amounts of energy, as in a hydrogen bomb. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 fuss:}{\f0\cf1  a flurry of nervous, excited and often unnecessary activity; needless bother. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Secrets of the MEST Universe Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fussing:}{\f0\cf1  engaging in idle, aimless or annoying activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 future:}{\f0\cf1  on the time track, that area later than present time. Perception of the future is postulated as a possibility. The creation of future realities through imagination is a recognized function. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 fuzz-wuzz:}{\f0\cf1  a made-up word. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 FW-190:}{\f0\cf1  German fighter aircraft of World War II. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 DMSMH Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0\cf1 
\par 
\par }}