{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Narrow;}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvantGarde;}{\f18\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ITC Bookman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Light;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Black;}{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f22\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino;}
{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfChancery;}{\f24\fdecor\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfDingbats;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Marlett;}
{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609040504020204}Lucida Console;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504020204}Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02050604050505020204}Bookman Old Style;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}MS Outlook;}{\f31\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040602050305030304}Book Antiqua;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}
{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0706040902060204}Haettenschweiler;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f37\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho;}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0306030101010103}Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040603050505030304}Calisto MT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0705020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0507020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020202020204}Century Gothic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0806030902050204}Impact;}
{\f44\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010101010101}Lucida Handwriting;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504090204}Lucida Sans;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0504020203020204}News Gothic MT;}
{\f47\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02010509020102010303}OCR A Extended;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f60\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f142\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f205\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f206\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}
{\f208\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f211\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode CE;}{\f212\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Cyr;}
{\f214\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Greek;}{\f215\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Tur;}{\f217\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}
{\f220\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}
{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f228\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f241\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}
{\f265\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f266\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f268\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f269\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f270\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}
{\f307\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f310\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f312\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title H - HAQ}
{\author Nino Bilic}{\operator Ergon Copeland}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords62071}{\nofchars353807}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws434499}{\vern71}}\margl1080\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale45\viewzk1\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul H - HAQ
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul H.:}{\f0  an allusion to Jack Horner (the character of the nursery rhyme \ldblquote Little Jack Horner\rdblquote 
) in reference to Jack Horner, a person who had his certificates removed in 1960 for out-ethics and being connected to a decertified person. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul pie, putting his thumb in}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 habit: }{\f0 a stimulus-response mechanism similar to the training pattern but set up by the reactive mind out of the content of engrams. It cannot be changed at will by the analytical mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 habit:}{\f0  garb of a particular rank, profession, religious order, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 habitually:}{\f0  in a manner often used, seen, done, etc.; usually. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 habituated: }{\f0 made used to; accustomed; familiarized with. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 habituated: }{\f0 made used to; accustomed; familiarized with. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 habitue:}{\f0  frequent or habitual visitor to a place. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hace calor, no?: (Spanish)}{\f0  it's warm, isn't it? \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hacker:}{\f0  Frederick J. Hacker, an American psychiatrist who attacked Dianetics in 1950. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hackles:}{\f0  the hairs on a dog's neck and back that bristle, as when the dog is ready to fight. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hackton:}{\f0  short for Black Hackton, the individual who made man, the Earth, the heavens, etc., according to the Apache Indians. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haddock:}{\f0  a saltwater fish used for food, found off the coasts of Europe and North America. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hades, hasn't got a chance in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  has no chance at all. }{\f0\ul Hades,}{\f0  in Greek mythology, is the home of the dead, beneath the earth. It is used colloquially to mean }{\f0\ul hell. \emdash SHSBC Binder 27}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hades, hasn't got a chance in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  has no chance at all. }{\f0\ul Hades,}{\f0  in Greek mythology, is the home of the dead, beneath the earth. It is used colloquially to mean }{\f0\ul hell.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 had it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul had it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 had it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 had it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 had it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 had it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 had it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 had it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 had it:}{\f0  suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 had it, has:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  has suffered or is about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 had it, have:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  have suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 had it, have:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  have suffered or are about to suffer the loss of one's life, effectiveness, chance to do or get something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hadocol:}{\f0  a medicine used in the 1950s which acted as a stimulant. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 had one's head:}{\f0  a coined phrase meaning punished someone. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haggle:}{\f0  argue in an attempt to come to terms. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hagridden:}{\f0  obsessed or harassed. From being ridden (dominated or obsessed) by a hag or witch. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hahneken:}{\f0 
 reference to Samuel Christian Friedrich Hahnemann (1755 - 1843), German physician known as the founder of homeopathy. In 1790, he performed some experiments and came to the conclusion that the symptoms produced by a drug on the healthy body were similar 
to the diseased condition it was known to cure. This confirmed the old medical proverb \ldblquote Like cures like,\rdblquote  and Hahnemann based his system of medicine upon this law. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)

\par }{\b\f0 Hah-varrd:}{\f0  humorous pronunciation of the word }{\f0\ul Harvard,}{\f0  imitating a Harvard University accent. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Harvard}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91

\par }{\b\f0 Haig & Haig:}{\f0  a brand of Scotch whiskey (liquor). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hail fellow well met:}{\f0  a spiritedly sociable person; jolly companion. The expression comes from an old greeting }{\f0\ul \ldblquote Hail fellow,\rdblquote }{\f0  and \ldblquote }{\f0\ul well-met\rdblquote  }{\f0 
(used as a salutation or part of a salutation) and hence signifying familiarity or comradeship, as to be }{\f0\ul hail fellow well met }{\f0 with everyone. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hail fellow well met:}{\f0  one on easy, familiar terms; an intimate acquaintance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable }{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hail Mary:}{\f0  a prayer of the Roman Catholic Church beginning with the words \ldblquote Hail Mary,\rdblquote 
 or (in Latin) }{\f0\ul Ave Maria.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 hair (almost) stand on end:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  the hair on one's head (almost) rise stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair almost stand on end, have (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  become very much frightened or horrified, with the hair on one's head rising stiffly upwards as a result. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hair down, take (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul let (one's) hair down,}{\f0  be very informal, relaxed or free in behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair goes up:}{\f0  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul one's hair stands on end,}{\f0  meaning the hair on one's head rises stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair has been standing on end, (one's):}{\f0  the hair on (one's) head has been rising stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair on end:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  the hair on one's head rising stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair on end: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  the hair on one's head rising stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hair on end, stand (one's): }{\f0 make the hair on (one's) head rise stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair on end, stand (one's): }{\f0 make the hair on (one's) head rise stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hair on end, stands (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  the hair on (one's) head rises stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair out, tearing (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  showing sorrow or anger; feeling defeat. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair out, tearing (one's):}{\f0  showing sorrow or anger; feeling defeat. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair's breadth:}{\f0  a very short distance or small amount (used to indicate how close something is to something else). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair stand on end, have (one's):}{\f0  have the hair on one's head rise stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair stand on end, makes (one's):}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  causes (one) to become very much frightened or horrified, with the hair on one's head rising stiffly upwards as a result. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0 
 Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hair stands on end: }{\f0 the hair on one's head rises stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair, taking down my:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  speaking candidly or frankly; removing or reducing restraints. A variation of the informal phrase }{\f0\ul letting one's hair down. }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990
}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hair to stand on end:}{\f0  the hair on one's head to rise stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair-trigger:}{\f0  easily activated or set off; reacting immediately to the slightest provocation or cause.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk to SH and WW Ethics Officers}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hair was standing on end:}{\f0  the hair on one's head was rising stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 hair will stand on end:}{\f0  the hair on one's head will rise stiffly upwards as a sign or result of great fright or horror. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hair will stand on end, one's:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  one will become very much frightened or horrified (with the hair on one's head rising stiffly upwards as a result). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91

\par }{\b\f0 Haiti:}{\f0  republic occupying the west third of the island of Hispaniola in the West Indies (the group of islands lying between southeast North America and northern South America, enclosing the Caribbean Sea). \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{
\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hakim:}{\f0  ***(in Arabia, India and other Moslem countries) a wise or learned man; a doctor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hakim:}{\f0  (in Arabia, India and other Moslem countries) a wise or learned man; a doctor. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hakim:}{\f0  (in Arabia, India and other Moslem countries) a wise or learned man; a doctor. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haled:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (archaic)}{\f0  pulled forcibly; dragged; hauled. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 half-acks: }{\b\f0\ul half-acknowledgments: }{\f0 encouragements to a person to continue talking.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 half-baked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  not thought out or studied thoroughly; not worth considering or accepting. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 half-baked up:}{\f0  ***deficient in intellect; silly, half-witted. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 half-cocked: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  inadequately prepared or conceived. From }{\f0\ul half cock, }{\f0 
the half-way (locked) position of the hammer of a firearm (the lever which when released causes the firearm to go off), thus preventing it from being fired. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 half-cocked, went off:}{\f0  acted or spoke impulsively or thoughtlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 half crown:}{\f0  a former silver or cupronickel (an alloy of copper and nickel) coin of Great Britain equal to two shillings and sixpence. Its use was phased out after decimalization in 1971. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Half Decayed Flowers club:}{\f0  a made-up name for a club. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 half-life:}{\f0 
 the length of time it takes for half the atoms of a particular radioactive (giving off, or capable of giving off, radiant energy in the form of particles or rays by the spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei) substance to break down or decay. The ha
lf-life of a particular radioactive substance is always the same and is the principal characteristic used to distinguish one radioactive substance from another, and to measure radioactivity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 half-life:}{\f0 
 the length of time it takes for half the atoms of a particular radioactive (giving off, or capable of giving off, radiant energy in the form of particles or rays by the spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei) substance to break down or decay. The ha
lf-life of a particular radioactive substance is always the same and is the principal characteristic used to distinguish one radioactive substance from another, and to measure radioactivity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 half-seas over:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 drunk; intoxicated; inebriated. The expression literally comes from the condition of a ship stranded on a reef or rock when the seas break over her deck. In this condition she is unable to take any action to ease her situation. The expression has passed 
into the English language to describe the situation of a person incapacitated by drink and incapable of steering a steady course. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 half-seas over: }{\f0 
well on the way; pretty far gone. Literally comes from the condition of a ship stranded on a reef or rock when the seas break over her deck.  In this condition she is usually unable to take any action to ease her situation. The expression has passed into 
the English language to describe the situation of a person incapacitated by drink and incapable of steering a steady course. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from Hell to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from hell to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in northcentral England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Halifax, from here till:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0 
 was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as \ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote 
 that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0 
 was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as \ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote 
 that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in northcentral England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0  (a seapo
rt in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from here to:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning all over or everywhere. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote  Also, the name appears in an old beggars' and vagabonds' \ldblquote prayer\rdblquote  that goes \ldblquote From Hull, Hell and Halifax, Good Lord, deliver us.\rdblquote  It is said that }{\f0\ul Hull}{\f0 
 (a seaport in England) was to be avoided because the beggars had little chance of getting anything there without doing hard labor for it, and }{\f0\ul Halifax }{\f0 because anyone caught stealing cloth there was beheaded without further ado. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halifax, from now till:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning forever or eternally. Historically, }{\f0\ul Halifax}{\f0  was (and is) a town in north central England whose name came to be a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell}{\f0  in such phrases as 
\ldblquote go to Halifax.\rdblquote }{\f0\ul  }{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Halley: }{\f0 Edmund Halley (1656 - 1742), an English astronomer. He predicted the periodic appearance (about every seventy-five years) of the famous Halley's Comet. --}{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Edition Unabridged}{\f0 
 (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 Halley:}{\f0  Edmund Halley (1656-1742), English astronomer. Best known for his study of comets. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Halley:}{\f0 
 Edmund Halley (1656-1742), English astronomer, best known for his study of comets. He concluded that the comets of 1531, 1607, and 1682 were in reality a single body and accurately predicted its return in 1758. The comet has since been known as }{\f0\ul 
Halley's Comet.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Halley, Edmund: }{\f0 (1656 - 1742) English astronomer.  A friend of Newton, Halley is best known for 
his study of comets.  He concluded that the comets of 1531, 1607, and 1682 were in reality a single body and accurately predicted its return in 1758. The comet has since been known as }{\f0\ul Halley's Comet.}{\f0   }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul 
 Isaac Newton}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Reader's Encyclopedia}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hallmark:}{\f0 *** any distinguishing feature or characteristic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 hallmark:}{\f0  any mark or symbol of genuineness or high quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hall, old:}{\f0  a building at Saint Hill on the main driveway and near the Manor. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hallowed:}{\f0  regarded as holy; honored as sacred. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hallow's Eve:}{\f0  Halloween: a festival celebrated on October 31st each year. Its name means \ldblquote holy evening\rdblquote 
 because it comes before All Saint's Day, the day set aside by the Roman Catholic Church to honor all saints who had no special day of their own. In modern times it is celebrated with pr
anks and parties, and with customs that are a mixture of many beliefs.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hallucinatory:}{\f0  pertaining to the seeing or hearing of things around one that are not really there at all. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 hallucinatory:}{\f0  seeing or hearing of things around one that are not really there at all. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hallucinatory:}{\f0  seeing or hearing of things around one that are not really there at all. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hallucinogen:}{\f0  a drug or other substance that produces hallucinations. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Halpern, Dick:}{\f0  an Advanced Clinical Course Instructor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Halpern, Dick:}{\f0  a student on the Briefing Course at the time of these lectures. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halpern, Dick:}{\f0  a student on the Briefing Course at the time of these lectures. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Halpern, Dick:}{\f0  a student on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of these lectures. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Halpern, Richard:}{\f0  a student on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of these lectures. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 halt:}{\f0  those who are lame; cripples. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 halt, the:}{\f0  those who limp; cripples. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 halt, the:}{\f0  those who limp; cripples. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Halver:}{\f0  one of the processes thetans used on mest bodies\'d1a half-li
ght, half-black gun which shot out a wave. Half of this wave, usually the black, hit the right side of the victim's body; the other half, in the same explosion, usually the light side, hit the left side of the victim. It did terrible things to the victim:
 it gave him a conflict, one side with the other, one being good, the other being bad. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 halves, by:}{\f0  incompletely or partially; halfheartedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 halyards:}{\f0  ropes or lines used to raise or lower sails. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Hamilton, Alexander:}{\f0 
 (1755 - 1804) American lawyer and statesman. Hamilton was the first US secretary of the treasury (1789 - 95), and he planned and initiated many US financial policies, including federal tax and coinage systems. He was killed in a duel by Aaron Burr, a pol
itical rival who accused Hamilton of having slandered him, on 11 July 1804. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Hamilton, Alexander:}{\f0  (1755 - 1804) American lawyer and statesman. Hamilton was the first US secretary of the treasury (1789 - 1795), and he planned and initiated many US financial policies, including federal tax and coinage systems. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hamilton, Alexander:}{\f0  (1755 - 1804) American lawyer and statesman. Hamilton was the first US secretary of the treasury (1789 - 1795), and he planned and initiated many US financial policies, including federal tax and coinage systems. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hamilton, Alexander:}{\f0 
 (1755 - 1804) American lawyer and statesman. Hamilton was the first US secretary of the treasury (1789 - 1795), and planned and initiated many US financial policies, including federal tax and coinage systems. He was killed in a duel on 11 July 1804 by Aa
ron Burr, a political rival who accused Hamilton of having slandered him. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hamilton, Alexander:}{\f0  ***(1755 - 1804) American lawyer and statesman. Hamilton was the first US secretary of the treasury (1789 - 1795), and he planned and initiated many US financial policies, including federal tax and coinage systems. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Hamilton, Alexander:}{\f0 
 (1755 - 1804) a soldier and political leader of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries; a founding father (one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence) of the United States. Hamilton advised George Washington (first president of the
 US) in the Revolutionary War and was a leader in the drafting of the Constitution. He later served under Washington as the first secretary of the treasury in the new government. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hamlet:}{\f0 
 a tragedy by William Shakespeare (1564 - 1616), English poet and dramatist of the Elizabethan period. The play is about a young prince who avenges the murder of his father. Act 1, Scene 3, as quoted by LRH, has the following passage in it: / \ldblquote 
Neither a borrower, nor a lender be; / For loan oft loses both itself and friend. / And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry. / This above all: t
o thine own self be true, / And it must follow, as the night the day, / Thou canst not then be false to any man.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hamlet:}{\f0  hero of the play }{\f0\ul Hamlet,}{\f0 
 a tragedy (first printed 1603) by William Shakespeare. Hamlet is a young prince who avenges the murder of his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hamlet:}{\f0  the hero of the play }{\f0\ul Hamlet,}{\f0 
 a tragedy (first printed 1603) by William Shakespeare. Hamlet is a young prince who avenges the murder of his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hammarskj\'f6ld, Dag:}{\f0  Dag Hjalmar Agne Carl Hammarskj\'f6ld (1905 - 1961), Swedish political economist and (from 1953 - 1961) secretary general of the United Nations. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer:}{\f0  the part of a gun, released by pulling the trigger, that strikes against the firing pin (the part of a firearm that explodes the charge that forces the ammunition out of the gun barrel). \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer:}{\f0  the part of the firing mechanism of a gun that is released by the tr
igger so that it strikes the percussion cap (small paper or metal container holding a charge that explodes when struck) of a cartridge or pushes the firing pin and explodes the charge. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and pound:}{\f0  force (something) upon or instill (something) by constant, persistent and emphatic repetition. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and pound:}{\f0  the action of forcing upon or instilling by constant, persistent and emphatic repetition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and sickle:}{\f0  the Communist emblem of the Soviet Union, consisting of a hammer (representing industrial workers) with its handle across the blade of a sickle (representing agricultural workers) and a star above. }{\f0\ul  \emdash 
SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and sickle:}{\f0  the emblem of Communist parties in some countries, consisting of a sickle (symbolizing peasants) placed across a hammer (symbolizing workers). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorous. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  using all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  using all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  using all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  using all one's might; very vigorous. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer-and-tongs:}{\f0  using all one's might; very vigorous. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer-and-tongs:}{\f0  using all one's might; very vigorous. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer and tongs:}{\f0  with all one's might; very vigorously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer-pound:}{\f0  hard work, toil; persistent and laborious action. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hammer pound:}{\f0  the action of forcing upon or instilling by constant, persistent and emphatic repetition. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 hammer pound:}{\f0  through the action of forcing upon or instilling by constant, persistent and emphatic repetition. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hammett, Dash:}{\f0  ***Samuel Dashiell Hammett (1894 - 1961), famous American writer of detective stories and movie scripts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Hammett, Dash:}{\f0  Samuel Dashiell Hammett (1894 - 1961), famous American writer of detective stories and movie scripts \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hammurabi, Code of:}{\f0  a Babylonian legal code of the eighteenth century b.c. or earlier, instituted by Babylonian king Hammurabi. It dealt with
 criminal and civil matters and was noted for its cruel and swift penalties. For example if a man knocked out the eye of another man, he could lose his own eye as punishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hammurabi, law of:}{\f0 
 reference to a Babylonian legal code of the eighteenth century b.c. or earlier, instituted by Babylonian king Hammurabi. It dealt with criminal and civil matters and was noted for its cruel and swift penalties. For example if a man knocked out the eye of
 another man, he could lose his own eye as punishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper:}{\f0  hold back; hinder; impede. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, drop into the:}{\f0  present themselves (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, drop out of the:}{\f0  present itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, drop out of the:}{\f0  present itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, drop out of the:}{\f0  present itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, dropped out of the:}{\f0  ***presented itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, dropped out of the:}{\f0  presented itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, falling out of the:}{\f0  presenting itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hamper, fall out of the:}{\f0  present itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hamper, fall right out of that:}{\f0  present itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, falls out of the:}{\f0  presents itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, falls out of the:}{\f0  presents itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, fell out of the:}{\f0  presented itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #9, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, fell out of the:}{\f0  presented itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, fell out of the:}{\f0  presented itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, fell out of the:}{\f0  presented itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, fell out of the:}{\f0  presented itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, fell out of this:}{\f0  presented itself (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, roll out of the:}{\f0  present themselves (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamper, shaken out of the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  presented (as an answer, idea, condition, datum, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hamstringing:}{\f0  lessening or destroying the power or effectiveness of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hand:}{\f0  the cards held by a player in one round of a card game. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hand:}{\f0  the cards held by a player in one round of a card game. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand:}{\f0  the single part of a game, in which all the cards dealt at one time are played. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand and fist:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul hand in glove. See }{\b\f0\ul glove, hand in}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand, at every:}{\f0  at every side; all around. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand, at every: }{\f0 on all sides; in every direction. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Handbook:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health,}{\f0  the handbook of Dianetic procedure. A }{\f0\ul handbook}{\f0  is a book that contains facts or instructions on some subject; a manual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Handbook:}{\b\f0\ul  The Scientology Auditor's Handbook, }{\f0 a book published in August 1954 for use by Advanced Clinical Course graduates. It was later expanded and republished under the title }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability}{\f0 . 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1951 to fill the need for an advanced personal workbook for auditors and preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears}{\f0 : a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1951 to fill the need for an advanced personal workbook for auditors and preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1951 to fill the need for an advanced personal workbook for auditors and preclears. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary.  
\emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1951 to fill the need for an advanced personal workbook for auditors and preclears. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1951 to fill the need for an advanced personal workbook for auditors and preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1951 to fill the need for an advanced personal workbook for auditors and preclears. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1951 to fill the need for an advanced personal workbook for auditors and preclears. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1951 to fill the need for an advanced personal workbook for auditors and preclears. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 handed in (one's) chips:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  died. The allusion is to the American game of poker, in which a player may at any time drop from the game and pass in his chips to the banker in exchange for cash. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hand, Give Me That:}{\f0  a process in Scientology which demonstrates to the pc that control of his body is possible. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hand, held in: }{\f0 caused to stay in control. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hand, in:}{\f0  under control. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 hand-in-glove:}{\f0  in a very intimately associated manner; in close agreement or cooperation. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  in intimate association; in close agreement or cooperation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  in intimate association; in close agreement or cooperation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  in close association or partnership. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  in close association or partnership. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  very close or friendly; working together; in very close agreement or cooperation, especially for bad purposes. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand-in-glove:}{\f0  ***very close or friendly; working together; in very close agreement or cooperation, especially for bad purposes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove: }{\f0 very intimately associated. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  very intimately associated; closely together.}{\f0\ul  \emdash NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  very intimately associated; closely together. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  very intimately associated; closely together. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  very intimately associated; closely together. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  very intimately associated; closely together.}{\f0\ul  \emdash State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove:}{\f0  very intimately associated; close together. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove: }{\f0 very intimately associated. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hand in glove: }{\f0 very intimately associated. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Handle:}{\f0  (as a step from the Dissemination Drill) If the person is wide open to Scientology and reaching, this step can be omitted as there is nothing to handle. }{\f0\ul Handle}{\f0 
 is to handle any attacks, antagonism, challenge or hostility that the individual might express towards you and/or Scientology. Definition of \ldblquote handle:\rdblquote  to control, direct. \ldblquote Handle\rdblquote 
 implies directing an acquired skill to the accomplishment of immediate ends.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 handlingness:}{\f0  the state, quality or an instance of handling. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 handmen:}{\f0  manservants, serving-men. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hand Mimicry: }{\f0 the name of training drill }{\f0\ul Training 5}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See}{\f0  HCOB 11 June 57, TRAINING AND CCH PROCESSES, in the appendix of this volume for data on this drill. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 5-9-90)}{\f0\cf7  *** }{\f0\cf1 note: this is also used to refer to CCH 3
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Hand Mimicry:}{\f0\cf1  Training Routine 5, a d
rill to educate a student that verbal commands are not entirely necessary, to make the student physically telegraph an intention, and to show the student the necessity of having a preclear obey commands. In the drill, the student says nothing, but gets th
e coach to duplicate hand motions which he makes. It uses the same basic procedure as the auditing process by the same name, but is done as a drill to improve the student auditor's ability to audit. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{
\f0\cf1  Final approval 29/10/89 }{\f0\cf7  *** }{\f0\cf1 note: this is also used to refer to CCH 3
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, on the one:}{\f0\cf1  from one point of view. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, on the one:}{\f0\cf1  from one point of view. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, on the one...on the other hand:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  from one point of view, then from the opposed point of view. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, on the other:}{\f0\cf1  from the opposed point of view. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, on the other:}{\f0\cf1  from the opposed point of view. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 handout:}{\f0\cf1  a gift of food, clothing, etc., as to a beggar or tramp. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, out of:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  suddenly, quickly without examination of possible truth or merit; without any consideration. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, out of:}{\f0\cf1  out of control. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 handouts:}{\f0\cf1  pamphlets or leaflets handed out as for promotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand over fist:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  making steady and continual advances. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand over fist:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  substantially; considerably. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, sleight of:}{\b\f0\ul\cf1  }{\f0\cf1 skill with the hands, especially in confusing or deceiving onlookers, as in doing magic tricks. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 handsomely:}{\f0\cf1  pleasingly; successfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, on one's:}{\f0\cf1  under one's care or management; as one's responsibility. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, on one's:}{\f0\cf1  under one's care or management; as one's responsibility. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, on (one's):}{\f0\cf1  under (one's) care or management; as (one's) responsibility. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, on our:}{\f0\cf1  available or ready; present. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0\cf1  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Hand Space Mimicry:}{\f0\cf1  CCH 4. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See}{\f0\cf1  HCOB 11 June 57, TRAINING AND CCH PROCESSES, in the appendix of this volume for full data on this process. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, taken (one's) lives in their hands: }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  risked death. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, takes (one's) life in (one's):}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  faces great danger or takes a great risk. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, takes (one's) life in (one's): }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  faces great danger or takes a great risk.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, taking (one's) life in (one's):}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  facing great danger or taking a great risk. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PTS-SP}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, taking (one's) life in (one's):}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  facing great danger or taking a great risk. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, taking your life in your:}{\f0\cf1  facing great danger or taking great risk. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hands, taking your life in your:}{\f0\cf1  facing great danger or taking great risk. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, takes in:}{\f0\cf1  deals with. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 hand, to:}{\f0\cf1  within reach; near; close. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, to:}{\f0\cf1  within reach; near; close. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hand, to:***}{\f0\cf1  within reach; near; close. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 handy:}{\f0\cf1  convenient or useful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Ability Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 handy:}{\f0\cf1  convenient or useful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 handy:}{\f0\cf1  convenient or useful. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 handy-jim-dandy:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  very wonderful; very good. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangdog:}{\f0\cf1  ashamed and cringing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangdog:}{\f0\cf1  ashamed and cringing. Originally a term for a person considered fit only for hanging dogs, or to be hanged like a dog. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangdog:}{\f0\cf1  ashamed and cringing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangdog:}{\f0\cf1  ashamed and cringing. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0\cf1  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang-dog:}{\f0\cf1  downcast; intimidated. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang-dog:}{\f0\cf1  downcast; intimidated. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangdog:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  ashamed and cringing. Originally a term for a person considered fit only for hanging dogs, or to be hanged like a dog. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 hang, don't give a:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a euphemistic variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 don't give a damn,}{\f0\cf1  don't care at all. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanged, when the last dog has been:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  when there are no other options remaining. A variation of the expression }{\f0\ul\cf1 there are more ways of killing a dog than by hanging,}{\f0\cf1 
 meaning there is more than one way of achieving your objective. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanged, when the last dog has been:}{\f0\cf1  only when there are no other options remaining. A variation of the expression }{\f0\ul\cf1 there are more ways of killing a dog than by hanging,}{\f0\cf1 
 meaning there is more than one way of achieving your objective. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang-fire:}{\f0\cf1  a delayed firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang-fire: }{\f0\cf1 delayed fire. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote 
 or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in this demonstration in reference to a facsimile which should have been discharging but wasn't. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0\cf1  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang-fire:}{\f0\cf1  delayed firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang fire:}{\f0\cf1  delay firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang fire:}{\f0\cf1  delay firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang fire:}{\f0\cf1  delay firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote 
 or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in the lecture in reference to a process which would stop working on an individual after a time. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0\cf1 
 Final approval 29/10/89 (Edited for context.) (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang fire:}{\f0\cf1  delay firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 E
xDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging around: }{\f0\cf1 loitering; lingering around.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Out-Tech}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging fire:}{\f0\cf1  delaying firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote 
 or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in reference to something which is slow in occurring or something which does not bring about the result one might expect. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging fire:}{\f0\cf1  delaying firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote 
 or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in reference to something which is slow in occurring or something which does not bring about the result one might expect. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging fire:}{\f0\cf1  delaying firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hangfire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging fire:}{\f0\cf1  delaying firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote 
 or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in reference to something which is slow in occurring or something which does not bring about the result one might expect. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging fire:}{\f0\cf1  delaying firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hangfire.\rdblquote  Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging fire:}{\f0\cf1  delaying firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote 
 or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in reference to something which is slow in occurring or something which does not bring about the result one might expect. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HEV}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging fire:}{\f0\cf1  failing in an expected result. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 
Melbourne Congress}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging up:}{\f0\cf1  becoming stuck, blocked or impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging up:}{\f0\cf1  becoming stuck, blocked or impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Track Analysis}{\f0\cf1  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 Running the GPMs}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hanging up:}{\f0\cf1  getting stuck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang of it:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  the knack of it; the particular skill of it. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Class VIII #16, Approved November 1990}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang on: }{\f0\cf1 continue with effort; persevere. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang one with:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal) }{\f0\cf1 fix (something) on one. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul\cf1 Government and Organization}{\f0\cf1  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangover:}{\f0\cf1  a severe headache or other unpleasant aftereffects from drinking too much alcohol. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangover:}{\f0\cf1 *** a severe headache or other unpleasant aftereffects from drinking too much alcohol. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0\cf1  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangover:}{\f0\cf1  ***something remaining behind from a former period or state of affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangover:}{\f0\cf1  something remaining behind from a former period or state of affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0\cf1 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangover:}{\f0\cf1  something remaining behind from a former period or state of affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangs fire:}{\f0\cf1  delays firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{
\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang (something) up:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  stop or delay the progress of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 NED}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangs up: }{\f0\cf1 becomes a source of annoyance, difficulty or burden; becomes an impediment; snags. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 hangs up:}{\f0\cf1  becomes delayed or suspended in progress. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0\cf1 

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\cf1 hangs up:}{\f0\cf1  becomes stuck, blocked or impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 hangs up: }{\f0\cf1 gets stuck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang, the:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal)}{\f0\cf1  a euphemistic variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 the hell:}{\f0\cf1  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 hang up:}{\f0\cf1  become stuck, blocked or impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 hang up:}{\f0\cf1  become stuck, blocked or impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 3rd South African}{\f0\cf1  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang up:}{\f0\cf1  become stuck, blocked or impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang up:}{\f0\cf1  cause or encounter delay; suspend or slow the progress of. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang up: }{\f0\cf1 get stuck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang up: }{\f0\cf1 ***get stuck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0\cf1  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang up: }{\f0\cf1 get stuck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang-up:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (informal) }{\f0\cf1 a delay. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang up:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (slang)}{\f0\cf1  become a source of annoyance, difficulty or burden; become an impediment; snag. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hang up:}{\f0\cf1  stick, be blocked or impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangy:}{\f0\cf1  rather, or somewhat, stuck. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0\cf1 
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 hangy:}{\f0\cf1  sticky; blocked; impeded.  \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 Hannibal:}{\f0\cf1  (247 - 152 b.c.) a general from t
he ancient North African city of Carthage. During the second of the Punic Wars (three wars between Carthage and Rome) Hannibal took an army of over 100,000, supported by elephants, from Spain into Italy in an effort to conquer Rome. In order to reach its 
destination the army had to cross the Alps, and this troop movement is still regarded as one of the greatest in history. Hannibal won several victories on this campaign, but was not able to take Rome. }{\f0\ul\cf1 See also }{\b\f0\ul\cf1 Alps}{\f0\cf1 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 PDC Volume 6}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happenstance:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial) }{\f0\cf1 a chance or accidental happening. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happenstance:}{\f0\cf1  }{\f0\ul\cf1 (colloquial)}{\f0\cf1  a chance or accidental happening. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0\cf1  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happiness:}{\f0\cf1  the overcoming of not unknowable obstacles toward a known goal. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a bird:}{\f0\cf1  very happy. Variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a lark}{\f0\cf1 . \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 HSSC Glossary}{\f0\cf1  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a bird:}{\f0\cf1  very happy. Variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a lark}{\f0\cf1  w
hich originated in Nebraska, US in the early 1920s. It is based on the simple fact that larks spend almost all of their time eating and singing and are easily pleased. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a clam:}{\f0\cf1  in a very happy manner. From the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1 
 which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in America, are gathered only at low tide. In other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it was not being gathered for food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0\cf1  Approved
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a clam:}{\f0\cf1  in a very happy manner. From the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1 
 which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in America, are gathered only at low tide. In other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it was not being gathered for food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0\cf1 

\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a clam:}{\f0\cf1  in a very happy manner. From the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1  which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in America, are gathered only at low tide. In
 other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it would not be being gathered for food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a clam:}{\f0\cf1  in a very happy manner. From the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1 
 which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in America, are gathered only at low tide. In other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it would not be being gathered for food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a clam:}{\f0\cf1  very happy. From the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1 
 which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in America, are gathered only at low tide. In other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it would not be being gathered for food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a clam:}{\f0\cf1  very happy. From the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1 
 which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in America, are gathered only at low tide. In other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it would not be being gathered for food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as a clam:}{\f0\cf1  very happy. From the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1 
 which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in America, are gathered only at low tide. In other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it would not be being gathered for food. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as clambakes:}{\f0\cf1  a variation of }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1  very happy, which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in
 America, are gathered only at low tide. In other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it would not be being gathered for food. A }{\f0\ul\cf1 clambake}{\f0\cf1 
 is a picnic at which clams steamed or baked with chicken, corn, etc., are served. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as clams:}{\f0\cf1  in a very happy manner. From the phrase }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as a clam at high tide,}{\f0\cf1 
 which comes from the fact that clams, considered a delicacy in America, are gathered only at low tide. In other words, a clam would be happy at high tide because it would not be being gathered for food. }{\f0\ul\cf1  \emdash SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0\cf1 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy as jay birds:}{\f0\cf1  one of various colloquial phrases that start with \ldblquote happy as\rdblquote  and denote that one is very happy. }{\f0\ul\cf1 Happy as a lark}{\f0\cf1  and }{\f0\ul\cf1 happy as the day is long }{\f0\cf1 
are other examples of these phrases which all have the same meaning. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\cf1 happy-go-lucky:}{\f0\cf1  trusting cheerfully to luck; happily unworried or unconcerned. \emdash }{\f0\ul\cf1 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0\cf1  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul HAR - HAZ
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 harangue:}{\f0  scold or address with a long or intense verbal attack. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 harbinger: }{\f0 a person or thing that comes before to announce or indicate what will follow; herald. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 harbinger: }{\f0 a person or thing that comes before to announce or indicate what will follow; herald. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 harbor:}{\f0  a sheltered part of a body of water deep enough to provide anchorage or docking facilities for ships. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 harboring: }{\f0 keeping or holding in the mind; maintaining; entertaining. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 harbor master: }{\f0 an official who supervises operations in a harbor area and administers its rules. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 hard:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physics)}{\f0  having relatively high energy; used when referring to a beam of particles or photons (units of energy such as x-rays, gamma rays, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hard-boiled: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  not affected by sentiment, pity, etc.; tough; callous. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hard-boiled:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  not affected by sentiment, pity, etc.; tough; callous. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hard-boiled:}{\f0  marked by a direct, clear-headed approach; realistic; practical. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 hard-core:}{\f0  unswervingly committed; uncompromising; dedicated. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hard-core:}{\f0  unswervingly committed; uncompromising; dedicated. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hard drugs: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  potent, illegal drugs such as heroin, cocaine, etc., that usually lead to physical or psychological dependency. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hardened:}{\f0  set in one's ways, especially ways that are wrong or immoral; habitual. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hard left rudder: }{\f0 a command and maneuver executed by turning the wheel as far to the lef
t as it will go which, in turn, causes the rudder to move to the extreme left. This causes the stern of the vessel to move to the right (starboard side) and the bow to move to the left (port side). \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 hardly:}{\f0  with effort or difficulty. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hard-nosed:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  uncompromising; shrewd and practical. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hard-packed:}{\b\f0\ul  (figurative)}{\f0  firmly compacted. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hard-water:}{\f0  of or concerning }{\f0\ul hard water,}{\f0  which is water containing mineral salts that prevent soap from lathering freely and cause a hard coating to form inside kettles, water tanks, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0  (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 hardwork:}{\f0 *** energetically and persistently; steadily and earnestly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 hardy:}{\f0  capable of enduring fatigue, hardship, exposure, etc.; sturdy; strong. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hardy, Thomas:}{\f0  (1840 - 1928) English novelist and poet. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hardy, Thomas:}{\f0  (1840 - 1928) English novelist and poet, author of over ten novels and seven volumes of poetry. His view of life was one in which he saw man as subject to forces he could neither understand nor control. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hardy, Thomas:}{\f0  (1840 - 1928) English novelist and poet, author of over ten novels and seven volumes of poetry. His view of life was one in which he saw man as subject to forces he could neither understand nor control. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hardy, Thomas:}{\f0  (1840 - 1928) English novelist and poet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hare: }{\f0 a swift mammal related to the rabbit, with long ears, soft fur, a split upper lip, a short tail, and long, powerful hind legs. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hare:*** }{\f0 a swift mammal related to the rabbit, with long ears, soft fur, a split upper lip, a short tail, and long, powerful hind legs. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM 9A Glossary}{\f0  (app. 25 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 hare and hounds:}{\f0  a game in which some players, called \ldblquote hounds,\rdblquote  chase others, called \ldblquote hares,\rdblquote  who have left a trail of paper scraps along their route. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Webster's New World Dictionary, College Edition}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Hargroves, Private:}{\f0  a reference to the main character (played by American actor Robert Walker [1914 - 1951]) in the 1943 movie \ldblquote See Here, Private Hargrove.\rdblquote   \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hark back:}{\f0  go back in thought or speech; revert.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 harken:}{\f0  listen; give heed or attend to what is said. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Harley-Davidson:}{\f0 
 a motorcycle produced by Harley-Davidson Motorcycles, an American motorcycle manufacturing company started by William Harley and Arthur, William and Walter Davidson in 1903. After World War II, Harley-Davidson was the only American manufacturer to surviv
e the influx of foreign motorcycles into the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Harley-Davidson:}{\f0  a motorcycle produced by Harley-Davidson Motorcycles, an American motorcycle 
manufacturing company started by William Harley and Arthur, William and Walter Davidson in 1903. After World War II, Harley-Davidson was the only American manufacturer to survive the influx of foreign motorcycles into the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Harley Street:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a street of central London, England, notably occupied  by the offices of prominent members of the medical profession. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 harlot:}{\f0  a prostitute. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0 
 act in the manner of a harmonic, one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing 
because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic: }{\f0 form or exist in }{\f0\ul harmonics:}{\f0  two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing b
ecause one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0 
 ***one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0  one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, them
selves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0 
 one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0 
 one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0  one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower 
harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0 
 one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0  one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality 
or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0 
 one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0  one of two or more manifestati
ons or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0 
 one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0 
 one of two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 harmonic:}{\f0  one of two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For ex
ample, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0 
 in mathematical terms, the doubling, tripling, quadrupling, etc., of numbers as they go up or the halving, thirding or quartering, etc., of numbers as they go down. This last is not generally realized, that harmonics also go down. But here is an example 
of a harmonic: A pitch vibrating at, let us say, 200 vibrations a second will have a harmo
nic at 400, 600, 800, 1000, 1200, 1400, etc., vibrations a second. It can also have a harmonic of 100, 66 2/3, 50, 40, 33 1/3, 28 4/7, etc. While these upper or lower harmonics are of far less intensity they are still there. They might not be apparent to 
the ear at first listen but almost any pitch has upper and lower harmonics. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0  two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. Fo
r example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0 
 two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0  two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves diffe
rent yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0 
 two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0  tw
o or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0 
 two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0 
 two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0  two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would b
e a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0 
 two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0  two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. F
or example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0 
 two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{
\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harmonics:}{\f0  two or more manifestations or actions which are themselves different y
et are related in terms of some quality or qualities. For example, laughing because one was embarrassed would be a lower harmonic of laughing because something was funny. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 harmonious:}{\f0  marked by agreement in feeling or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 harmony:}{\f0  a combination of parts into a pleasing or orderly whole; congruity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 harmony:}{\f0 *** a pleasing combination of the elements that form a whole. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 harness: }{\f0 the straps and fittings by which a horse is controlled and fastened to a carriage, cart, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 harp at (someone):}{\f0  talk to (someone) very much or too much. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harped on:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  talked or wrote about to an excessive and tedious degree; dwelled on. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harridan:}{\f0  a scolding, vicious woman; hag; shrew. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 harrowing:}{\f0  extremely disturbing or distressing; grievous. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hartrampff's Vocabulary:}{\f0  the title of a book of synonyms. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 harum-scarum:}{\f0  wild and reckless. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 harum-scarum:}{\f0  wild and reckless. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Harun al-Rashid:}{\f0  (763 - 809) a powerful caliph (supreme ruler) of Baghdad. Legend relates how he walked in disguise through the city to seek adventure and learn the grievances of his subjects. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  a private university at Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1636, it is the oldest college in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  a private university at Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1636, it is the oldest college in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  a private university at Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1636, it is the oldest college in the Unite
d States.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0 
 a private university at Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1636, it is the oldest college in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  Harvard University, the oldest university in the United States; located at Cambridge, Massachusetts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  Harvard University, the oldest university in the United States; located at Cambridge, Massachusetts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  Harvard University, the oldest university in the United States; located at Cambridge, Massachusetts. }{\f0\ul Hah-varrd}{\f0  is the Bostonian pronunciation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  Harvard University, the oldest university in the United States; located at Cambridge, Massachusetts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  Harvard University, the oldest university in the United States; located at Cambridge, Massachusetts. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvard:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Harvard University,}{\f0  a private university at Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1636, it is the oldest college in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)
}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Harvey: }{\f0 William Harvey (1578 - 1657), English physician and discoverer of the mechanics of blood circulation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvey:}{\f0  William Harvey (1578 - 1657), English physician and discoverer of the mechanics of blood circulation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvey:}{\f0  William Harvey (1578 - 1657), English physician and discoverer of the mechanics of blood circulation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Harvey: }{\f0 William Harvey (1578 - 1657), English physician and discoverer of the mechanics of blood circulation. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Harvey, William:}{\f0  (1578 - 1657) English physician and anatomist, discoverer of the mechanics of blood circulation. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 HAS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 CO }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 rea }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ecretary. }{\f0\ul See}{\f0  }{\f0\ul also }{\b\f0\ul HCO Area Sec}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HAS:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary. See }{\b\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HAS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 pprentice }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologist Course, a beginning course in Scientology.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HAS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 pprentice}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 
cientologist Course, a course in elementary communication and control.  Consists of training drills on communication and to put the student at cause over the environment.  There are no prerequisites.  The graduate is awarded the certificate of }{\f0\ul H}
{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 pprentice }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologist. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HAS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 pprentice}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologist Course. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HAS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ssociation of }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 
cientologists, the general membership group of Scientology at the time of this lecture. It was open to individuals who used Scientology procedures to improve themselves and 
others. It has since been replaced as a membership group by the International Association of Scientologists (IAS). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HAS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ssociation of }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 
cientologists, the general membership group of Scientology until the mid-1950s. It was open to individuals who used Scientology procedures to improve themselves and others. It was replaced by the HASI. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HASI}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HAS: }{\b\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 pprentice }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologist Course, a beginning course in Scientology. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  chart, off the }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}
{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HAS:}{\f0 
 Hubbard Association of Scientologists, the main organization of Scientology at the time of the lecture. Its purpose was to have a central point of dissemination, where the materials of Dianetics and Scientology could be put out without any great turmoil,
 turbulence, vias, and to train people in the subject who wanted training, and give people help and information who wanted help and information. \emdash }{\f0\ul Lecture of 8 October 55 5th ACC Glossary Part 1 (Final approval 2.12.89) }{\f0 also }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HAS: }{\b\f0\ul see HCO Area Sec}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Co-audit: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Co-audit:}{\f0 
 a basic Scientology course delivered at the time of the lecture in which students audited each other alternately on precise processes, to improve cases and further interest people in Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Co-audit:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Co-audit,}{\f0 
 a basic Scientology course delivered at the time of the lecture in which students audited each other alternately on precise processes, to improve cases and further interest people in Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0 
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Co-audit:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Co-audit,}{\f0  a basic Scientology course delivered at the time of the lecture in which students audit
ed each other alternately on precise processes, to improve cases and further interest people in Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Co-audit:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Co-audit, }{\f0 
a service for brand-new public in a Scientology organization consisting of closely supervised communication training drills and co-auditing of basic processes. The HAS Co-audit seeks to improve cases and further interest people in Scientology so they will
 take individual processing and individual training. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul co-audit }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Course:}{\f0  a beginning course in Scientology at the time of the lecture. It consisted of training drills on communication and control. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Course:}{\f0  a beginning course in Scientology at the time of the lecture. It consisted of training drills on communication and control. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Course:}{\f0  a beginning course in Scientology that consisted of training drills on communication and control. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Course,}{\f0  a beginning course in Scientology at the time of the lecture. It consisted of training drills on communication and control. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HAS Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 pprentice}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cien
tologist Course, a course in elementary communication and control. Consists of training drills on communication and to put the student at cause over the environment. There are no prerequisites. The graduate is awarded the certificate of }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 
ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 pprentice }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologist. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 has got rocks in (one's) head: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  is wrong, stupid, crazy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hash:}{\f0  a chopped mixture of cooked meat and vegetables, usually baked or browned. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hash:}{\f0  a mess, jumble or muddle. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hash:}{\f0 *** a mess, jumble or muddle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 hashed over:}{\f0  reviewed; discussed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hashed up:}{\f0  muddled or messed up. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hashish:}{\f0  a drug made from the resin contained in the flowering tops of hemp, chewed or smoked for its intoxicating and euphoric effects. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hashish:}{\f0  a drug made from the resin contained in the flowering tops of hemp, chewed or smoked for its intoxicating and euphoric effects. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hashish:}{\f0  a drug made from the resin contained in the flowering tops of hemp, chewed or smoked for its intoxicating and euphoric effects. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hash, make a hash or soup out of: }{\f0 ruin or spoil (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hash marks:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military slang)}{\f0 
 service stripes (stripes or any of the parallel diagonal stripes, worn on the left sleeve of a uniform to indicate years spent in the service). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hashshashin:}{\f0 
 Hasan ibn-al-Sabbah (died 1124), also known as the Old Man of the Mountains; founder of the Assassins (from Arabic }{\f0\ul hashshashin,}{\f0  or addicts of the drug hashish), a secret order of religious fanatics in Persia (now called Iran).}{\f0\ul  
\emdash SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hashshashin:}{\f0  Hasan ibn-al-Sabbah (died 1124), also known as the Old Man of the Mountains; founder of the Assassins (from Arabic }{\f0\ul hashshashin,}{\f0 
 or addicts of the drug hashish), a secret order of religious fanatics in Persia (now called Iran). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul hashish}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hashshashin:}{\f0  Hasan ibn-al-Sabbah (died 1124), also known as the Old Man of the Mountains; founder of the Assassins (from Arabic }{\f0\ul hashshashin,}{\f0  or addicts of the drug hashish), a secret order of religious fanat
ics in Persia (now called Iran).}{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hashshashin:}{\f0  reference to Hasan ibn-al-Sabbah (died 1124), also known as the Old Man of the Mountains; founder of the Hashshashin (an Arabic word meaning \ldblquote addicts of the drug hashish\rdblquote 
), a secret order of religious fanatics in Persia (now called Iran).}{\f0\ul  \emdash Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ssociation of }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologists }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the wo
rld and was the general membership group of the Church from mid-1950s to mid-1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and the International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership gro
up. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ssociation of }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologists }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. 
The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and the International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the
 operation of orgs, and the International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and t
he International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ssociation of }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologists }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and t
he International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and t
he International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 nternati
onal: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and the Inter
national Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations o
ver the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid-1950s to mid-1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and the International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current memb
ership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociationof}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to m
id 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and the International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91

\par }{\b\f0 HASI:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Association of Scientologists International:}{\f0 
 the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced 
HASI in the operation of orgs, and the International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0 *** abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and t
he International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid-1950s to mid-1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of organizatio
ns, and the International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid-1950s to mid-1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and t
he International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church at the time of this lecture. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and t
he International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 nternatio
nal: the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church at the time of this lecture. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of organizations, and t
he International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists,}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 nternational: the general membership group of Scientology at t
he time of this lecture. It was open to individuals who used Scientology procedures to improve themselves and others. It has since been replaced as a membership group by the International Association of Scientologists (IAS). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ssociation of }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologists }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational. Around the time of this lecture, HASIs were individual service organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for}{\b\f0  Hubbard Association of Scientologists, International }{\f0 (see in this glossary). \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational, the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid-1950s to mid-1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of organizatio
ns, and the International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  ***abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ssociation of}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 cientologists,}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 
nternational; the general membership group of Scientology at the time of this lecture. It was open to individuals who used Scientology procedures to improve themselves and others. It has since been replaced as a membership group by the International Assoc
iation of Scientologists (IAS). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  Hubbard Association of Scientologists International. Around the time of this book, HASIs were individual service organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 HASI:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ssociation of }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologists }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 
nternational, the company which operated all Scientology organizations over the world and was the general membership group of the Church from mid 1950s to mid 1960s. The Church of Scientology International has replaced HASI in the operation of orgs, and t
he International Association of Scientologists (IAS) is the current membership group.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HASI Clinical Center:}{\f0 
 an early organization (1954 - 55) operated by the Hubbard Association of Scientologists International (HASI) that demonstrated to the public by a series of solved cases that Scientology worked. It acted as a public dissemination line. }{\f0\ul See also}{
\b\f0\ul  HASI}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hassan:}{\f0  Hassan II (1929 -  ), king of Morocco (1961 -  ). In 1975, tens of thousands of Moroccans marched unarmed across the border into Spanish Saha
ra, at the request of King Hassan, to back their government's contention that the northern part of the territory was historically part of Morocco.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Morocco}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Spanish Sahara}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hassle:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a heated argument. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hassles:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  heated arguments. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hastings, Battle of:}{\f0  a battle in southeastern England in 1066. Invaders from the French province of Normandy, led by William 
the Conqueror, defeated English forces under King Harold. William declared himself king, thus bringing about the Norman Conquest (the overthrow of the English government which strengthened the power of the king and brought a great number of French influen
ces to the English language and English institutions). }{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hastings, Battle of:}{\f0  a battle in southeastern England in 1066. Invaders from the French province of Normandy, led by William the Conqueror, defeated English forces under King H
arold. William declared himself king, thus bringing about the Norman Conquest (the overthrow of the English government which strengthened the power of the king and brought a great number of French influences to the English language and English institution
s). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  a specialized duty in a group or an organization. }{\f0\ul Hat }{\f0 is slang for the title and work of a post, taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. To }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 someone is to train him on the functions and specialties of his post, and when a person is fully trained to do these he is said to be }{\f0\ul hatted.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{
\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0 
 Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\ul hat:}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hat:***}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hat:***}{\f0  slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology 
organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. To }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 someone is to train him on the functions and specialties of his post, and when a person is fully trained to do these he is said to be }{\f0\ul hatted.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  specialized duties in a group or an organization. }{\f0\ul Hat }{\f0 
is slang for the title and work of a post, taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  specialized duties in a group or an organization. }{\f0\ul Hat }{\f0 
is slang for the title and work of a post in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  specialized duties in a group or an organization. }{\f0\ul Hat}{\f0 
 is slang for the title and work of a position in a Scientology organization, taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  the title and work of a post (job), taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hat:}{\f0  the title and work of a post (job), taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hat, at the drop of a:}{\f0  on signal; immediately; without delay. From the Ameri
can frontier practice of dropping a hat as a signal for a fight to begin, usually the only formality observed. Races are sometimes started by the downward sweep of a hat. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hatch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the throat as used for drinking. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hatch:}{\f0  the cover over a hatchway which is an opening in the deck leading to the interior of a ship, for loading or unloading things into or from a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 hatched:}{\f0  brought forth or created; produced; devised. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hatchet, burying of the:}{\f0 
 discontinuation of fighting; making peace. The expression comes from the fact that the American Indians had a custom of burying their hatchets, scalp-knives and war clubs when making peace to show that hostilities were at an end. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hate (one's) guts: }{\f0 strongly dislike (one). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat, fishing (something) out of a:}{\f0  producing (something) easily and at will, as if by magic. A variation of }{\f0\ul pulling (something) out of a hat. \emdash Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 hath:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (archaic)}{\f0  has. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul hath:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (archaic)}{\f0  has. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hath:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (archaic) }{\f0 has. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hath:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (archaic) }{\f0 have.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat, pick one out of the:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul pull out of a hat,}{\f0  produce easily and at will, as if by magic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hat, pick (something) out of the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  get (something) as if by magic; invent; imagine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat, pulls (it) out of the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  gets (it) as if by magic; invents (it); imagines (it). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hat, pull (something) out of the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  get (something) as if by magic; invent or imagine (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat, pulls (something) out of the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  gets (something) as if by magic; invents or imagines (something).  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hats:}{\f0  slang for the title and work of posts (positions, jobs or duties) in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{
\f0  is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Appro
ved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hats:}{\f0  slang for the titles and work of posts in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0 
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hats:}{\f0  slang for the titles and work of posts in a Scientology organization; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0 
 Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 hats:}{\f0  the titles and work of posts (jobs), taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. The term }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 is also used to describe the write-ups, checksheets and packs that outline the purposes, know-how and duties of a post. It exists in folders and packs and is trained in on the person on the post. To }{\f0\ul hat}{\f0 
 someone is to train him on the functions and specialties of his post, and when a person is fully trained to do these he is said to be }{\f0\ul hatted.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hats and whips:}{\f0  hats, whips, toys, fashions, T-shirts, insignia on drinking cups, etc., sold for souvenirs and used for promotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hats, hold your:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  get ready to hear something shocking or amazing. A variation of }{\f0\ul hang on to your hats. \emdash SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat's off to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an expression showing admiration for. From the custom of taking off one's hat when meeting someone for whom one wishes to show respect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hat's off to, my:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul take one's hat off to,}{\f0  express high regard for; praise. This expression comes from the custom of taking off one's hat when meeting someone for whom one wishes to show respect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hat's off to, my:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul take one's hat off to,}{\f0 
 express high regard for; praise. This expression comes from the custom of taking off one's hat when meeting someone for whom one wishes to show respect. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hats off to, take our:}{\f0  uncover our heads as a mark of reverence. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hats off to, take our:}{\f0  uncover our heads as a mark of reverence. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hats, talking in their:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  talking without real knowledge, saying things that are incorrect or foolish. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul talking through one's hat.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hats, talking in their:*** }{\f0 talking nonsense; indulging in fanciful dreams. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hats, talking in (through) their: }{\f0 talking nonsense; indulging in fanciful dreams. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hats, wear two:}{\f0  function in more than one capacity; fill two or more positions. }{\f0\ul Hat }{\f0 
is slang for the title and work of a position; taken from the fact that in many professions, such as railroading, the type of hat worn is the badge of the job. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat, take (something) out of your:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  get (something) as if by magic; invent; imagine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat, talking through (one's): }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  making irresponsible or foolish statements; talking nonsense. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat, talking through their:}{\f0  talking nonsense; indulging in fanciful dreams. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hatting:}{\f0  the action of training, or the training given to a person so that he or she can produce the products of his or her post. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  hat}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{
\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 hatting:}{\f0  the action of training, or the training given to a person so that he or she can produce the products of his or her post. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  hat}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hatting:}{\f0 
 the action of training, or the training given to a person so that he or she can produce the products of his or her post (a position, job or duty to which a person is assigned or appointed; an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization 
which is supervised in part by an executive). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hat tip:}{\f0  uncovering of the head as a mark of reverence. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hat tips:}{\f0  uncovering of the head as a mark of reverence. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 haul off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  draw the arm (or foot) back before hitting (or kicking). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haunts:}{\f0  (chiefly Midland and Southern US and North England) a ghost. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 haunts: }{\f0 places frequently visited. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 Hauser, Gayelord:}{\f0  Benjamin Gayelord Hauser (1895 - 1984), German-born nutritionist, advocate of natural foods for general health, weight reduction and curative effects. Some of his books include }{\f0\ul Eat and Grow Beautiful}{\f0 
 (1936) and }{\f0\ul Look Younger, Live Longer}{\f0  (1950). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hauser, Gayelord:}{\f0  Benjamin Gayelord Hauser (1895 - 1984), German-born nutritionist, advocate of natural foods for general health, weight reduction and curative effects. Some of his books include }{\f0\ul Eat and Grow Beautiful}{\f0 
 (1936) and }{\f0\ul Look Younger, Live Longer}{\f0  (1950). }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hausfrau:}{\f0  }{\b\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  a housewife. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Havana:}{\f0  the capital and principal seaport of Cuba and largest city in the country. It is known for its wide avenues, impressive public buildings, parks and other landmarks. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 have:}{\f0  be able to touch or permeate or to direct the disposition of. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 have at (something):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  attack (something) with vigor. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 have his cake and eat it too: }{\f0 have both when one must choose one of two things. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 have to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  attack with vigor. A variation of }{\f0\ul have at.}{\f0  Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness:}{\f0  ***one of various processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness:}{\f0  one of various processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{
\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Havingness:}{\f0  one of various processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness:}{\f0  one of various processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness:}{\f0  one of various processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness:}{\f0  one of various processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 one of various processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Havingness:}{\f0  processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 havingness: }{\f0 the concept of being able to reach. By }{\f0\ul havingness }{\f0 
is meant owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. ((Glossary only, not in footnote)) Havingness is mass occupying the same space as the preclea
r. Over his total experience the preclear has become accustomed to having or identifying himself with considerable mass, both in the form of physical universe matter and in the form of energy masses such as facsimiles. Until the thetan has rehabilitated h
is considerations that he can create mass at will, the loss of any mass causes discomfort and lessened awareness. When havingness is remedied by having the preclear bring in masses these symptoms disappear. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{
\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness: }{\f0 the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul havingness:***}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul 

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul havingness:}{\f0 
 the concept of being able to reach. By havingness we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0 
 we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 havingness:}{\f0  the concept of being able to reach. By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. }{\f0\ul Havingness}{\f0 
 also refers to various processes which increase the preclear's }{\f0\ul havingness.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 havingness: }{\f0 the concept of owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 havingness: }{\f0 the third condition of existence. By havingness is meant owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, positioning, taking charge of objects, energies or spaces. A }{\f0\ul product}{\f0 
 is always something someone can HAVE. People often think a BE or a DO is a product. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul be, do}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 product}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness:}{\f0  various processes which increase the preclear's havingness. By }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  we mean owning, possessing, being capable of commanding, taking charge of objects, energies and spaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness and Confront Process: }{\f0 ***a process which utilizes a Havingness command and a Confront command. For example, Havingness: \ldblquote Look around here and find something you could have.\rdblquote  Confront: \ldblquote 
What could you confront?\rdblquote  \ldblquote What would you rather not confront?\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness Command Scale:}{\f0  a scale which gives the levels of Havingness commands that can be given to a preclear. For more information, see HCOB 3 Dec. 56, BScn\'d1HAA TECHNIQUES in }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins }{\f0 Volume III. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness Process:}{\f0  any of a number of Scientology auditing processes designed to increase the preclear's ARC with the environment, and to increase his ability to reach and get him stabilized in his environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul F
reedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness Process:}{\f0 
 any of a number of Scientology auditing processes designed to increase the preclear's affinity, reality and communication with the environment, and to increase his ability to reach and get him stabilized in his environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Havingness Processes:}{\f0  a number of Scientology auditing processes designed to increase the preclear's affinity, reality and communication with the environment, and to increase his ability to reach and get him stabilized in his environment. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 havoc:}{\f0  great damage or destruction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 havoc:}{\f0  widespread destruction; great disorder. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 havoc, cry:}{\f0  sound an alarm. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hawk:}{\f0  make an effort to raise phlegm from the throat; clear the throat noisily. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hawk, watching (something) like a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  watching (something) very closely, especially in order to catch it doing something, to put a stop to something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hawk, watch like a: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  watch (someone or something) very closely, especially in order to catch him doing something, to put a stop to something, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hawk, watch like a: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  watch (someone) very closely, especially in order to catch him doing something, to put a stop to something, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hawsepipe:}{\f0  an iron or steel pipe in the bow of a vessel through which an anchor cable passes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 hawsepipe:}{\f0  iron or steel pipes in the bow of a vessel through which an anchor cable passes. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hawsepipes:}{\f0  iron or steel pipes in the bow of a vessel through which an anchor cable passes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hayakawa:}{\f0  Samuel Ichiy\'e9 Hayakawa (1906 - ), US university teacher and president, known for his writings and lecturing on the theories of Alfred Korzybski and general semantics. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Korzybski}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hayakawa:}{\f0  Samuel Ichiy\'e9 Hayakawa (1906 - ), US university teacher and president, known for his writings and lecturing on the theories of Alfred Korzybski and general semantics. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Korzybski}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hayakawa:}{\f0  Samuel Ichiy\'e9 Hayakawa (1906 - ), US university teacher and president of the San Francisco State College, known for his writings and lecturing on the theories of Alfred Korzybski and general semantics. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul Korzybski}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hay fever:}{\f0  an allergy caused by the pollen of ragweed and certain other plants, characterized by sneezing, a running nose and itching of the nose, throat and eyes.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hay, get some:}{\f0  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul make hay. See }{\b\f0\ul hay, make}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hay, make:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  profit from or take advantage of something while one has the chance, especially to have a good time while one can. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hay, making:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  profiting from or taking advantage of (something) while one has the chance, especially to have a good time while one can. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hay, making:}{\f0  making the most of an opportunity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 haymow:}{\f0  a pile of hay, especially one stored in a barn. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hay out of, make a lot of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  profit from or take advantage of (something) while one has the chance, especially to have a good time while one can.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hayrick:}{\f0  a haystack. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hayrick:}{\f0  a large heap of hay; haystack. \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hays office:}{\f0  the former name of the Johnston office (from 1922 to 1945) while headed by Will Harrison Hays (1879 - 1954). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Johnson office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haystack, a needle in a:}{\f0  a very small article amidst a mass of other things. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haystack, needle in the:}{\f0  a very small article amidst a mass of other things. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hayward, Susan:}{\f0  (1918 - 1975) a leading American film star from the late 30s to the 60s. She acted in over 58 movies. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haywire:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haywire:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haywire:*** }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 haywire: }{\b\f0\ul ***(slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul haywire: (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 haywire:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 haywire: }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 haywire:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haywire:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 haywire: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of control; disordered; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 haywire:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  out of order; confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hazarded:}{\f0  offered (a statement, conjecture, etc.) with the possibility of facing criticism, disapproval, failure or the like; ventured. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hazardings:}{\f0  guesses. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hazardings:}{\f0  statements, conjectures, etc., offered with the possibility of facing criticism, disapproval, failure or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul HB - HEI
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 H-bomb: }{\b\f0\ul hydrogen bomb:}{\f0  a bomb that uses the fusion of atoms to cause an explosion of tremendous force. It is many times more powerful than the atomic bomb. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 H-bomb:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  hydrogen bomb:}{\f0  an immensely powerful bomb releasing energy by fusion (uniting of atomic nuclei) of hydrogen nuclei. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 H-bomb:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  hydrogen bomb:}{\f0  an immensely powerful bomb releasing energy by fusion (uniting of atomic nuclei) of hydrogen nuclei. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 H-bomb:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  hydrogen bomb:}{\f0  an immensely powerful bomb releasing energy by fusion (uniting of atomic nuclei) of hydrogen nuclei. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 H-bomb:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  hydrogen bomb:}{\f0  an immensely powerful bomb releasing energy by fusion (uniting of atomic nuclei) of hydrogen nuclei. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 H-bomb marchers:}{\f0 
 reference to demonstrators against the use of nuclear weapons. They held demonstrations and marches in many countries, including the United States. During 1961 there were repeated demonstrations in England, specifically against the stationing of United S
tates missile submarines at British bases. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor: a person who has been trained on an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Chu
rch of Scientology Academies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor: a person who has been trained on an exactly laid out course of theory gand practical learning whi
ch qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Church of Scientology Academies. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor: person who has been trained on an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Churc
h of Scientology Academies. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor: person who has been trained on an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Churc
h of Scientology Academies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor: pertaining t
o  a person who, in late 1954, had completed a course of auditor training specializing in Scientology theory and application as part of the Phoenix Certification Course. HCA as a title now refers to Class II auditors. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  C}{\f0 ertified}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 
uditor: pertaining to  a person who, in late 1954, had completed a course of auditor training specializing in Scientology theory and application as part of the Phoenix Certification Course. HCA as a title now refers to Class II auditors. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor, a person who has been trained on an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Chu
rch of Scientology Academies. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor Course: an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Certified Auditor Course,}{\f0 
 an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Church of Scientology Academies.  \emdash }
{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course, an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Church of Scientology Academi
es. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor Course, an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears
. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Church of Scientology Academies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course, an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Church of Scientology Academi
es. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course, an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Church of Scientology Academi
es. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  C}{\f0 ertified}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 
uditor Course; at one time, the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in Central Organizations, except in Great Britain. Its equivalent in Grea
t Britain was called the Hubbard Professional Auditor (HPA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  C}{\f0 ertified}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 
uditor Course; at one time, the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in Central Organizations, except in Great Britain. Its equivalent in Great Britain was called the Hubbard Professional Auditor (HPA) Course. HCA and HPA, as t
itles, now refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Certified Auditor. See also }{\b\f0\ul HCA Course}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HCA Course:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Certified Auditor Course:}{\f0 
 at one time, the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in Central Organizations, except in Great Britain. Its equivalent in Great Britain was called the Hubbard Professional Auditor (HPA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titl
es, now refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HCA Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Certified Auditor Course,}{\f0 
 an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualifies an auditor to deliver certain types of processing to preclears. Today, the HCA Course is known as Academy Level II and is available in Church of Scientology Academies. \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCA Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Certified Auditor Course;}{\f0  at one time, 
the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in Central Organizations, except in Great Britain. Its equivalent in Great Britain was called the Hubbard Professional Auditor (HPA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Class II
 and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCA manual:}{\f0  a manual which was used by students on the }{\f0\ul Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course,}{\f0  an exactly laid out course of theory and practical learning which qualified an au
ditor to deliver certain types of auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HCAs:}{\f0  graduates of the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ertified }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course. At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in Central Organizations, except in Great Britain. Its equivalent in Great Britain was called the Hubbard Professional Auditor Course. HCA, as a title
, now refers to Class II Auditors.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul HPAs}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard College of Improvement,}{\f0  the name of the Academy on the Flagship }{\f0\ul Apollo}{\f0  at the time of this lecture. This is now located at the Flag Service Organization in Clearwater, Florida. }{
\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Flag}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 HCI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ollege of }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 mprovement, the name of the Academy on the Flagship }{\f0\ul Apollo}{\f0 
 at the time of this lecture. This is now located at the Flag Service Organization in Clearwater, Florida. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Flag}{\f0  in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ollege of }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 mprovement, the name of the Academy on the Flagship }{\f0\ul Apollo}{\f0 
 at the time of this lecture. This is now located at the Flag Service Organization in Clearwater, Florida. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ollege of }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 mprovement, the name of the Academy on the Flagship }{\f0\ul Apollo.}{\f0  This is now located at the Flag Service Organization in Clearwater, Florida. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO 10 percent:}{\f0  ten percent of the income of an organization paid to HCO }{\b\f0 W}{\f0 
orldwide (the Scientology Management Control Center at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture, established at Saint Hill Manor, East Grinstead, Sussex in 1959) for administrative expenses and to help cover the costs of research, compilation and issuance of
 Scientology materials. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice: the division of a Scientology organization which is responsibl
e for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a separate company which was the worldwide communications network for Diane
tics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  was retained as the name of this division. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice: the division of a Scie
ntology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0 
 Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 
ffice: the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 
ffice: the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul ethics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice: the division of a Scientology organization 
(Division 1) which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, forwarding of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a separate company which was the worldwi
de communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice: the division 
of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a separate company which w
as the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  was retained as the name of this division. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 
ffice:*** the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul ethics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul 
\par }{\b\f0\ul HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice. At the time of the lecture HCO was a separate company which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scie
ntology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0 
 was retained as the name of this division. It is now the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientogists on sta
ff in the area.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice. At the time of the lecture HCO was a separate com
pany which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0 
 was retained as the name of this division. It is now the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on s
taff and in the area. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 
ffice. At the time of this lecture HCO was a separate company which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0 
 was retained as the name of this division. It is now the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on s
taff and in the area. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 
ffice. At the time of this lecture HCO was a separate company which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0 
 was retained as the name of this division. It is now the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining
 ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office. See }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office. See }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office. See }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  C}{\f0 ommunications}{\f0\ul  O}{\f0 
ffice, the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a sepa
rate company which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  was retained as the name of this division. \emdash }{
\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 
ffice, the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 
ffice: the division of a Scientology organization (division 1) which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, forwarding of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice amongst Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was
 originally a separate company which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0 
 was retained as the name of this division. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO: }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office: }{\f0 
the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a separate co
mpany which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  was retained as the name of this division. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 HCO:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice. \emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Area Sec: }{\b\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary,}{\f0  the person in charge of HCO in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  HCO}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Area Sec: }{\b\f0\ul see HCO Sec}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Area Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary,}{\f0  the person in charge of HCO in an organization and who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0  HCO
}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Area Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary,}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members.  
\emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Area Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Area Secretary,}{\f0 
 the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in a Scientology organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade

\par }{\b\f0 HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Area Secretary:***}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB 3 May 80:}{\f0  reference to HCO Bulletin 3 May 80, PC INDICATORS. For more information, see this issue in }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins }{\f0 Volume XII. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB 12 March 69 Issue II:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Bulletin 12 March 69 Issue II, PHYSICALLY ILL PCs AND PRE - OTs: }{\f0 
a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard which outlines the actions to take on a preclear or pre-OT who is physically ill. For more information see }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins }{\f0 Volume VIII which contains the full text of the issue. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 pre-OT }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 ulletin: a technical 
issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the organization. They are issued in red ink on white paper, conse
cutive by date. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin: a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditi
ng and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the organization. They are issued in red ink on white paper, consecutive by date. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin, a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the organization.
 They are issued in red ink on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HCOB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin, a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the organization. They are issued in red ink 
on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HCOB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin, a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the organization. They are issued in red ink 
on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 ulletin, a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless speci
fically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of a Scientology organization. They are issued in red ink on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB: }{\f0 an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 ulletin. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul bulletin }{\f0 in this glossary.   \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB: }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Bulletin: }{\f0 a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless speci
fically canceled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the organization. They are issued in red ink on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 HCOB C/S Series 25:***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  }{\f0\ul Bulletin of 5 Mar. 71, Case Supervisor Series 25, THE FANTASTIC NEW HGC LINE,}{\f0  the issue which lays out at what point a second HGC is to be set up. }{\f0\ul C/S}{\f0 
 is the abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Case Supervisor}{\f0  and the }{\f0\ul C/S Series}{\f0  is a series of HCO Bulletins giving key technology for the Case Supervisor. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Case Supervisor}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 HGC}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCOB \ldblquote DEGRADED BEING\rdblquote :}{\f0  HCOB 22 March 1967 ADMIN KNOW-HOW, ALTER-IS AND DEGRADED BEINGS. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 (HCOB thirty March) HCOB 30 March:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCOB 30 March 72, PRIMARY CORRECTION RUNDOWN, FIRST CRAMMING CORRECTION. }{\f0 This is now issued as HCOB 30 March 72 Revised, THE PRIMARY CORRECTION RUNDOWN REVISED. \emdash }{\f0\ul E
xDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Bulletin:}{\f0  Short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Bulletin (HCOB).}{\f0 
 A technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the organization. They are issued in red ink on white
 paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Bulletin:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Bulletin (HCOB).}{\f0 
 A technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of a Scientology organization. They are issued in red in
k on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Bulletin:}{\f0 *** Short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Bulletin (HCOB).}{\f0  A technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard o
nly. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the organization. They are issued in red ink on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Bulletin:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Bulletin (HCOB),}{\f0  a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is
 contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of a Scientology organization. They are issued in red ink on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Communicator:}{\f0  the staff post at the time of the lecture (1958) in charge of the HCO comm system which had the purpose \ldblquote to speed and receive the comm particles of HCO to help get the work done.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Communicator:}{\f0  the staff post at the time of the lecture in charge of the HCO communications system which had the purpose \ldblquote to speed and receive the comm particles of HCO to help get the work done.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul HCO }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Division: }{\b\f0\ul see Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Division:***}{\f0  }{\f0\ul see}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Division:}{\f0  see }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCO ES:}{\b\f0\ul *** }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul HCO Exec Sec. See also }{\b\f0\ul Exec Secs}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCO ES: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 CO }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 xecutive }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ecretary, the executive over Divisions 7, 1 and 2 in a Scientology organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Exam:}{\f0  an examination on the materials the student has studied and is supposed to know. This was done by HCO at the time of this lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}
{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Exec Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Executive Secretary:}{\f0 
 the person in charge of the functions of the first three divisions of a Scientology organization: Division 7 (Executive Division), Division 1 (Hubbard Communications Office) and Division 2 (Dissemination Division).   \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Exec Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Executive Secretary. See }{\b\f0\ul Executive Secretary}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Exec Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Executive Secretary,}{\f0  the person in charge of the functions o
f the first three divisions of a Scientology org: Division 7 (Executive Division), Division 1 (HCO) and Division 2 (Dissemination Division).  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk to SH and WW Ethics Officers}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Exec Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Executive Secretary,}{\f0 
 the person in charge of the functions of the first three divisions of a Scientology organization: Division 7 (Executive Division), Division 1 (Hubbard Communications Office) and Division 2 (Dissemination Division). \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Executive Letter:***}{\f0  a type of issue written by L. Ron Hubbard between 1964 and 1966, contained direct executive orders or requests for reports or data or news or merely information. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Executive Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of the functions of the first three divisions: Division 7 (Executive Division), Division 1 (HCO) and Division 2 (Dissemination Division). }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0 
 the org board in the appendix of this book. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO PL:***}{\f0  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul  H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 olicy }{\f0\ul L}{\f0 
etter: a permanently valid issue of organization and administrative technology. HCO PLs, regardless of date or age, form the know-how of running an organization or group or company. These make up the bulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organization
s. HCO PLs are signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul hat}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 HCO}{\f0  in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)

\par }{\b\f0 HCO Policy Letter:}{\f0 
 a permanently valid issue of organization and administrative technology. An HCO PL, regardless of date or age, forms the know-how of running an organization or group. These make up the bulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organizations. An HCO PL i
s signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Policy Letter:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  Hubbard Communications Office Policy Letter (HCO PL):}{\f0 
 a permanently valid issue of organization and administrative technology. HCO PLs, regardless of date or age, form the know-how of running an organization or group or company. These make up the bulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organizations. HCO
 PLs are signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul hat}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Policy Letter:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  Hubbard Communications Office Policy Letter (HCO PL):}{\f0 
 a permanently valid issue of organization and administrative technology. HCO PLs, regardless of date or age, form the know-how of running an organization or group or company. These make up the bulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organizations. HCO
 PLs are signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul hat}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Policy Letter:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  Hubbard Communications Office Policy Letter (HCO PL):}{\f0 
 a permanently valid issue of organization and administrative technology. HCO PLs, regardless of date or age, form the know-how of running an organization or group or company. These make up the bulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organizations. HCO
 PLs are signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Policy Letter:***}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  Hubbard Communications Office Policy Letter (HCO PL):}{\f0 
 a permanently valid issue of organization and administrative technology. HCO PLs, regardless of date or age, form the know-how of running an organization or group or company. These make up the bulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organizations. HCO
 PLs are signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul hat}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Policy Letters:}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 short for}{\f0\ul  Hubbard Communications Office Policy Letters:}{\f0 
 permanently valid issues of organization and administrative technology. HCO PLs, regardless of date or age, form the know-how of running an organization or group or company. These make up the bulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organizations. HCO 
PLs are signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul hat}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul HCO Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Sec:***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary. See }{\b\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Secretary,}{\f0  the person in charge of HCO (}{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Sec:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Area Secretary.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  HCO Area Sec}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Secretaries:}{\f0  HCO Area Secretaries: (Division 1) the persons in charge of HCOs in organizations and who are responsible for ensuring the organizations are manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}
{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HCO Secretary:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0 
 the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul HCO Secretary: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0 
 the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in an organization who is responsible for ensuring the organization is manned with productive and ethical staff members. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Secretary:}{\f0  short for }{\b\f0\ul HCO Area Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of the Hubbard Communications Office in a Scientology organization. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Secretary:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Secretary,}{\f0  the person in charge of HCO. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)

\par }{\b\f0 HCO Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of HCO (}{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 
ffice), the division of a Scientology organization responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. At the time of this lecture HCO w
as a separate company operating as the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations in 1965.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Secretary:}{\f0  the person in charge of HCO. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO Worldwide:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Worldwide,}{\f0 
 the Scientology worldwide (international) management control center, established at Saint Hill in 1959. This function was subsequently taken over by the Sea Organization (an elite religious fellowship within the Church of Scientology whose membership is 
involved in Church management and the delivery of higher-level services). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO WW:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 orld}{\f0\ul w}{\f0 ide. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Worldwide}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HCO WW:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 orld}{\f0\ul w}{\f0 ide. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Worldwide}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HCO WW:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 orld}{\f0\ul w}{\f0 
ide, the Scientology worldwide (international) management control center, established at Saint Hill in 1959. This function was subsequently taken over 
by the Sea Organization (an elite religious fellowship within the Church of Scientology whose membership is involved in Church management and the delivery of higher-level services). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Saint Hill}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO WW:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunications }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 orld}{\f0\ul w}{\f0 
ide, the Scientology worldwide (international) management control center, established at Saint Hill (in East Grinstead) in 1959. This function was subsequently taken over by th
e Sea Organization (an elite religious fellowship within the Church of Scientology whose membership is involved in Church management and the delivery of higher-level services). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul East Grinstead}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HCO WW Form 6:}{\f0  ***short for HCO Worldwide Security Form 6, an HGC auditor's Sec Check. The modern version of this form is HCO PL 7 July 61R, CONFESSIONAL FORM 3R. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990

\par }{\b\f0 HCO WW form:}{\f0  ***short for HCO Worldwide Security form. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCS/BScn:}{\f0  ***abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 learing }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologist/}{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
achelor of Scientology. A Bachelor of Scientology (also called a Hubbard Clearing Scientologist) was an advanced level of professional auditor certification at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HCS/BScn:}{\f0  Hubbard Clearing Scientologist/Bachelor of Scientology. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul BScn}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HDA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetics Auditor:}{\f0 
 a person who has been trained on the Hubbard Dianetics Auditor Course, a course which, in the middle and late 1950s, trained an auditor in the handling of Dianetics techniques and procedures. Today it is a basic course which trains one to deliver auditin
g as described in }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health }{\f0 by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul HDA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetics }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor: a person who has been trained on the Hubbard D
ianetics Auditor Course, a course which, in the middle and late 1950s, trained an auditor in the handling of Dianetics techniques and procedures. Today it is a basic course which trains one to deliver auditing as described in }{\f0\ul 
Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health }{\f0 by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HDA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetics }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor: pertaining to a person who has been trained on the Hubbard Dianetics Auditor Course, a course which, in the middle and late 1950s, trai
ned an auditor in the handling of Dianetics techniques and procedures. Today it is a basic course which trains one to deliver auditing as described in }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health }{\f0 by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HDA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetics }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor, a person who has been trained to deliver auditing as described in }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HDA:}{\f0  an abbreviation for Hubbard Dianetics Auditor, a person who has been trained to deliver auditing as described in }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HDA:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetics }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor, a person who has been trained to deliver auditing as described in }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health.}{\f0  \emdash }{
\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HDC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ounselor: a graduate of the Hubbard Standard Dianetics Course, a course available at the time of this lecture 
which taught about the human mind, mental image pictures, the time track, locks, secondaries and engrams. Its graduates gained the ability to restore or bring others to complete health and happiness. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HDCs:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 
ounselors: graduates of the Hubbard Standard Dianetics Course, a course available at the time of this lecture which taught about the human mind, mental image pictures, the time track, locks, secondaries and
 engrams. Its graduates gained the ability to restore or bring others to complete health and happiness. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HDG: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetic }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 raduate, a Dianetics Auditor (a graduate of the Hubbard Standard Dianetics Course) who was also trained to supervise the Hubbard Standard Dianetics Course. 
}{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Standard Dianetics Course }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HDG:}{\f0  Hubbard Dianetic Graduate. In 1969, a Dianetics auditor (a graduate of the Hubbard Standard Dianetics Course) who was also trained to supervise the Hubbard Standard Dianetics Course. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 HDRF:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the United States, with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HDRF:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetic }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 esearch }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 oundation: the first organization of Dianetics in the United States, with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }
{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HDRF:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetic }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 esearch }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 oundation: the first organization of Dianetics in the United States, with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }
{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HDRF:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetic }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 esearch }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 oundation: the first organization of Dianetics in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HE:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul h}{\f0 igh }{\f0\ul e}{\f0 xplosive, an explosive compound, as dynamite, that detonates instantly and is very powerful. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HE:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul h}{\f0 igh }{\f0\ul e}{\f0 xplosive, an explosive compound, as dynamite, that detonates instantly and is very powerful. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 head blown off, having (one's): }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 getting killed by a shot through the head. A variation of }{\f0\ul blowing (someone's) brains out.}{\f0  Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 head, fall on (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul fall on (one's) face. See }{\b\f0\ul face, fall on (one's)}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 head, fall on (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fail to be successful. A variation of }{\f0\ul fall flat on (one's) face.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 head, fall on (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fail to be successful. A variation of }{\f0\ul fall flat on one's face.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, fall on their:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  failure to be successful. A variation of }{\f0\ul fall flat on one's face.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, has got rocks in (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  is stupid or foolish. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, hit (something) on the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul hit the nail on the head, }{\f0 get something exactly right; speak or act in the most fitting or effective way. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 headin' fo': }{\b\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  heading for. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, kick (something) in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  put an end to (something). A variation of }{\f0\ul knock (something) on the head. \emdash 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 head, kick (something) in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  put an end to (something). A variation of }{\f0\ul knock (something) on the head.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 head, knocked in the: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  criticized severely; dispraised. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 head, knock in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  put an end to. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 headlines:}{\f0  lines, usually in larger type, at the top of a newspaper article, giving a short statement of it
s contents. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 head nor tails out of (something), make:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  understand (something); make some sense of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head (not make head or tail out of):}{\f0  unable to understand or decipher. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 head off, knocking (someone's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  giving a beating to or thrashing (someone). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head of steam: }{\f0 literally, the pressure exerted by confined fluid, used to generate mechanical power. Used figuratively in this sense to mean being very excited or angry about something. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0 
 Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 head-on:}{\f0  in a direct manner; headlong. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 head-on:}{\f0  with the head or front foremost. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head over heels:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  completely; deeply. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, over (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  beyond (one's) comprehension, ability or resources. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, over (someone's): }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  beyond (someone's) comprehension, ability or resources.}{\f0\ul  \emdash State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 head, raised its ugly:}{\f0  showed itself publically; appeared. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul showed its head.}{\f0   \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, raised its ugly:}{\f0  showed itself publically; appeared. Variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul showed its head.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, raised its ugly:}{\f0  showed itself publicly; appeared. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul showed its head.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, raised its ugly:}{\f0  showed itself publicly; appeared. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul showed its head.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 headscreen:}{\f0 
 a small opaque or translucent panel, usually mounted on a portable boom stand, used to shade selected areas of the subject to obtain a desired lighting effect or to protect the camera from light that could cause flare or light fog. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads, falling on their: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  failing to be successful. A variation of }{\f0\ul fall flat on one's face.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads, fall on their:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fail to be successful. A variation of }{\f0\ul fall flat on one's face.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads flying, there are: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  people are being dismissed, punished, ruined, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads, go right over their:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  make it too difficult for them to understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 headshrinker:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 a person who practices the analysis of the mind or personality. After the term for a person (among primitive peoples) who shrinks the cut-off heads of his enemies as trophies. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 headshrinker:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a psychiatrist. After the term for a person (among primitive peoples) who shrinks the cut-off heads of his enemies as trophies.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 headshrinker: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  psychiatrist. After the term for a person (among primitive peoples) who shrinks the cut-off heads of his enemies as trophies. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Heads I win, tails you lose\rdblquote :}{\f0  descriptive of a one-sided arrangement. The phrase comes from a game of flipping a coin into the air and betting on which side will land uppermost. }{\f0\ul Heads }{\f0 
refers to the side of a coin bearing the date and the main design (often a representation of a head); }{\f0\ul tails }{\f0 refers to the reverse side of a coin. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 headsman:}{\f0  an executioner who beheads persons sentenced to die. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, soft in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  foolish; silly; not in one's right senses. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 head, soft in the: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 weak; idle or lazy; foolish. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads or tails:}{\f0  a game of flipping a coin into the air and betting on which side will land uppermost. }{\f0\ul Heads }{\f0 refers to the side of a coin bearing the date and the main design (often a representation of a head); }{\f0\ul tails }
{\f0 refers to the reverse side of a coin. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 heads, over their:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  beyond one's comprehension, ability or resources. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads, over their: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  beyond their comprehension, ability or resources. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads ... tails:}{\f0  a method of decision between two things, done by flipping a coin in the air and then choosing (which item or action) on the basis of the side landing uppermost. }{\f0\ul Heads }{\f0 
refers to the side of a coin bearing the date and the main design (often a representation of a head); }{\f0\ul tails }{\f0 refers to the reverse side of a coin. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads, take their (heads) off:}{\f0  a coined phrase meaning produce a shocking sensation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heads, take their (heads) off:}{\f0  ***produce a shocking sensation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 heads, throwing them in over their:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  making it too difficult for them to understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, throw (one) in over his:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  make (one) certain to fail or meet with disaster. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 head, way over (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  in or into a condition too difficult for (one) to understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Health and Education and Welfare:}{\f0  a former department of the US government (1953 - 1979) that administered federal programs dealing with health, education, welfare and income security. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Health, Education and Welfare:}{\f0  a former department of the US government (1953 - 79) that administered federal programs dealing with health, education, welfare and income security. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Health, Education and Welfare:}{\f0  a former department of the US government (1953 - 1979) that administered federal programs dealing with health, education, welfare and income security. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Health, Education and Welfare:}{\f0  a former department of the US government (1953 - 1979) that administered federal programs dealing with health, education, welfare and income security. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Health, Education and Welfare:}{\f0  a former department of the US government (1953 - 1979) that administered federal programs dealing with health, education, welfare and income security. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Health, Education and Welfare:}{\f0  a former department of the US government (1953 - 1979) that administered federal programs dealing with health, education, welfare and income security. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Health Form:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Dianetic Health Form. }{\f0 
This was a form used prior to the development of NED to get data from the preclear about pains, sensations and psychosomatic illnesses, for the purpose of finding items to run with R3R. It has since been replaced by HCOB 24 June 78RA, NED Series 5RA, ORIG
INAL ASSESSMENT SHEET. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 health taxes:}{\f0  tax
es paid by people to fund medical and hospital care for all the people of a community, district or nation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 heap:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an old or run-down car. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heap:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an old or run-down car. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hearing:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Ethics Hearing:}{\f0  a hearing called by Ethics in order to obtain data, for further action or inaction, concerning possible violation of Scientology ethics policy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Ap
proved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hearsay evidence:}{\f0  testimony given by a witness based on what he has heard from another person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hearse, back up the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  state or discuss the possibility of trouble, disaster, misfortune, etc. A }{\f0\ul hearse}{\f0  is a vehicle for conveying a dead person to the place of burial. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hearst:}{\f0  William Randolph Hearst (1863 - 1951), US newspaper and magazine publisher, noted for the sort of journalism that exploits, distorts and exaggerates the news to create sensations and attract readers. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hearst chain:}{\f0  the chain of newspapers and magazines started by William Randolph Hearst (1863 - 1951), US publisher. It is noted for journalism that exploits, distorts and exaggerates the news to create sensations and attract readers. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hearst, William Randolph:}{\f0  (1863 - 1951) US newspaper and magazine publisher. His name early became synonymous with \ldblquote yellow journalism,\rdblquote 
 (journalism which exploits, distorts and exaggerates the news to create sensations and attract readers). \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 heart and soul:}{\f0  the essential part. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart and soul, very:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  the real, true, genuine, essential part. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart, at:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  in reality; fundamentally; basically. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heartbreaker:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  something that causes overwhelming distress. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart, break (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  become very sad. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart, close to (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  as of great interest or concern to (one). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart in, (one) didn't have much of (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  (one) didn't or couldn't give his complete attention or interest to. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart, losing:}{\f0  becoming discouraged; losing hope. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 heart, losing:}{\f0  becoming discouraged; losing hope. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hearts:}{\f0  playing cards of the suit of }{\f0\ul hearts,}{\f0  identified with a red, heart-shaped symbol. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart, take:}{\f0  have more courage or confidence; cheer up. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heart, take (something) to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  consider (something) seriously. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart was in the right place:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  nature was kind or loving. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heart would bleed, (your):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  you would be very sorrowful. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  pressure or coercion. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heat crib:}{\f0  also known as an }{\f0\ul incubator}{\f0 
. An incubator is an enclosed apparatus in which prematurely born infants are sometimes kept in controlled conditions, as of temperature, for protection and care. The relatively large surface area of the small premature infant and his inability to maintai
n body temperature may require his being kept in an incubator.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 heat exhaustion: }{\f0 a condition characterized by faintness, rapid pulse, nausea, profuse sweating, cool skin and collapse, caused by prolonged exposure to heat accompanied by loss of adequate fluid and salt from the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Heath:}{\f0  Edward Richard George Heath (1916 -  ), a British politician; Conservative party leader (1965 - 1975); prime minister (1969 - 1974). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heatstroke:}{\f0  a disturbance of the temperature-regulating mechanisms of the body caused by overexposure to excessive heat, resulting in fever, hot and dry skin and rapid pulse, sometimes progressing to delirium and coma. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heat treatment:}{\f0  the use of heat to treat disease or aid recovery from injury, with the purpose of stimulating the flow of blood to the injured area. This is thought by the medical profession to help tissues heal more rapidly. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heave-ho:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an ejection, rejection or dismissal. From the 16th century sailors' cry of }{\f0\ul heave and ho}{\f0  when hauling. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven and earth, move:}{\f0  try every way; do everything you can. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven, in the name of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation used to express surprise or annoyance in questions, requests, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul God knows,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote 
 (Usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something.)  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heavens:}{\f0  an expression of surprise, protest, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heavens:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of disappointment, disbelief, weariness, frustration, annoyance or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heavens:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of disappointment, disbelief, weariness, frustration, annoyance or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven sakes:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 heavens, good:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise or protest.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heavens, good:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise or protest.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heavens, good:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise or protest.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 heavens on earth:}{\f0  ***an exclamation of surprise or protest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 heavens on earth:}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise or protest. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 heavens on earth:}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise or protest. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heavens on Earth:}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise or protest. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Auditor Administration (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\b\f0\ul  (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0   }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 heaven's sakes, for:}{\f0   }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of impatient annoyance or surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heavens, the:}{\f0  the space surrounding or seeming to overarch the Earth, in which the sun, moon and stars appear. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heaven, thank:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression used to show joy or thankfulness, especially after one has been saved from something unpleasant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Heaviside layer:}{\f0  a layer of the ionosphere about 50 to 90 miles above the Earth's surface which reflects radio waves. Named after Oliver Heaviside (1850 - 1925), English physicist who suggested the probable existence of this region. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul ionosphere}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 heavy cruiser:}{\f0  a warship designed for high speed and long cruising radius (the distance a ship can go and still get back without refueling), which is equipped with guns of caliber greater than six-inches. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
six-inch gun}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 heavy facsimiles:}{\f0  experiences, complete with all perceptions, emotions, thoughts and efforts, occupying precise places in space and moments i
n time. They can be operations, injury, terms of heavy physical exertion or even death. They are composed of the preclear's }{\f0\ul own effort}{\f0  and the }{\f0\ul effort of the environment.}{\f0 
 They used to be known as engrams. In view of the fact that they have been found to be stored elsewhere than in the cells, the term }{\f0\ul heavy facsimiles}{\f0  has now come into use. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 heavy weather:}{\f0  problems; obstacles; difficulty. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hebephrenia: }{\b\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0  a form of aberration characterized by childish or silly behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 heck:}{\f0  interjection, used as a mild expression of annoyance, rejection, disgust, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much, very hard, very fast, etc. }{\f0\ul Heck}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell. \emdash PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 heckling:}{\f0  annoying or harassing (a speaker) by interrupting with questions or taunts. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 heckling:}{\f0  interfering with so as to annoy, disturb or injure. \emdash }{\f0\ul N
arconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heckling:}{\f0  interfering with so as to annoy, disturb or injure. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heckling:}{\f0  interrupting and annoying (as a speaker or performer) by asking bothersome questions, jeering or making loud remarks.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a:}{\f0  euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell of a. See also }{\b\f0\ul hell of a}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul hell of a. See }{\b\f0\ul hell of a }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a lot:}{\f0  a euphemistic variation of }{\f0\ul hell of a lot. See also }{\b\f0\ul hell of a lot}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a lot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a great deal; very much. }{\f0\ul Heck}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a lot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a great deal; very much. }{\f0\ul Heck}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a lot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much; a great deal. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a note:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something unusual or surprising. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck of a note:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something unusual or surprising. }{\f0\ul Heck}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck of it, for the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only as a form of pleasure, excitement, etc., especially (of a dangerous or criminal action) for no good reason. }{\f0\ul Heck}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck of it, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the worst part of something. A variation of }{\f0\ul the hell of it. \emdash Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 heck out of, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul the hell out of:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. }{\f0\ul Heck}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. }{\f0\ul Heck}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell. \emdash PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Heck was a pup, since:}{\f0  \ldblquote since the devil was young\rdblquote ; since long ago. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Heck was a pup, since:}{\f0  \ldblquote since the devil was young\rdblquote ; since long ago \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 heck was a pup, since:}{\f0  \ldblquote since the devil was young\rdblquote ; since long ago. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck was a pup, till:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  for a long time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 heck was a pup, till:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  for a long time. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck, what the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an interjection indicating anger, suprise, disappointment, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck, what the:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  whatever (an expression used to show surprise or annoyance). }{\f0\ul Heck }{\f0 is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell. \emdash SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck, what the: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  what (used emphatically). \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heck with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. }{\f0\ul Heck}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul hell. \emdash PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hectares:}{\f0  units of surface measure in the metric system equal to 10,000 square meters (2.471 acres). \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hectic:}{\f0  characterized by intense agitation, excitement, confused and rapid movement, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hectically: }{\f0 in a confused, rushed, excited, etc., manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hectically:}{\f0  in a manner characterized by intense agitation, excitement, confused and rapid movement, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 hectograph:}{\f0  of or pertaining to a process for making copies of a document, from paper having a prepared gelatin surface to which the orginal writing has been transferred. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91

\par }{\b\f0 hectographed:}{\f0  duplicated by a device (a hectograph) by which written or typed matter is transferred to a sheet of gelatin, from which many copies can be taken. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hectographs:}{\f0  machines for making many copies of a page of writing, a drawing, etc. The writing is transferred to a surface coated with gelatin, and the copies are made from this. \emdash }{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary}{\f0 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 hedge: }{\f0 hide behind words; refuse to commit oneself or give a direct answer. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hedgehogs:}{\f0  fortified positions \ldblquote bristling\rdblquote  with guns pointing in all directions. From the idea of a hedgehog (animal) with sharp spines on its back which bristle when the animal curls up to protect itself. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hedgerow:}{\f0  a row of bushes or trees forming a hedge. Used figuratively to mean a barrier. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hedonism: }{\f0 the doctrine that pleasure or happiness is the highest good. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 heed:}{\f0  careful attention; notice; observation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 heed:}{\f0  pay close attention to; take careful notice of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 heel:}{\f0  a command to follow along at the heels of someone. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heel:}{\f0  a despicable fellow with no sense of decency or honor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heel:}{\f0  a despicable fellow with no sense of decency or honor.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hegel: }{\f0 
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher. He put forth a philosophy based on the principle that an idea or event (thesis) generates its opposite (antithesis) leading to the reconciliation of opposites. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hegel: }{\f0 Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831
), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel: }{\f0 
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. In 1801 he wrote a dissertation in 
which he asserted some numerological accounts of the distances and number of the planets. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel:}{\f0  Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel:}{\f0  Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel: }{\f0 Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. \emdash }{
\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel: }{\f0 Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. \emdash }{
\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel:}{\f0  Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel:}{\f0  Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel:*** }{\f0 Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. Hegel argued that history showed a gradual unfolding of this mind. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Hegel:}{\f0  Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770 - 1831), German philosopher, who held that what was truly real in the world was mind or spirit, not material things. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hegelian:}{\f0 
 of Hegel (Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel [1770 - 1831], German philosopher) or his philosophy. Hegel put forth a philosophy based on the principle that an idea or event (thesis) generates its opposite (antithesis) leading to the reconciliation of opposite
s. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Heidelberg:}{\f0  the oldest university in Germany. It was founded in 1386 and is named for the city in which it is located. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Heifetz, Jascha:}{\f0 
 (1901 - 1987) naturalized American violinist, he was born in Vilna, Lithuania. An amazing child prodigy, he graduated from the Vilna music school at the age of eight and became a pupil of Leopold Auer at the St. Petersburg Conservatory. After giving conc
erts in St. Petersburg, Odessa, Kiev, Berlin and Leipzig, Heifetz came to America, where his New York debut in 1917 helped to establish him as one of the greatest violinists of all time, celebrated 
especially for his phenomenal technique and sense of style. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul heil:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German) }{\f0 hail, short for }{\f0\ul \ldblquote heil Hitler,\rdblquote }{\f0  a familiar salutation to Adolf Hitler when he acceded to supreme power in Germany in 1934. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heil Hitler:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  hail Hitler: a familiar salutation to Adolf Hitler when he acceded to supreme power in Germany in 1934. Often used derisively of one adopting dictatorial methods or attempting dictatorial policies. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hitler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Heil Hitler:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  Hail Hitler: a familiar salutation to Adolf Hitler when he acceded to supreme power in Germany in 1934. Often used derisively of one adopting dictatorial methods or attempting dictatorial policies. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hitler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heil Hitler:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  hail Hitler: a familiar salutation to Adolf Hitler when he acceded to supreme power in Germany in 1933. Often used derisively of one adopting dictatorial methods or policies. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Hitler, Adolf}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul heil}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  hail Hitler: a familiar salutation to Adolf Hitler when he acceded to supreme power in Germany in 1933. Often used derisively of one adopting dictatorial methods or policies. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Hitler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Heinies:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  German people. From }{\f0\ul Heinrich,}{\f0  an extremely common German name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Heinlein:}{\f0  Robert Anson Heinlein (1907 - 1988), US science fiction writer. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Heinlein, Bob:}{\f0  Robert Anson Heinlein (1907 - 1988), famous American writer who started writing for popular science fiction magazines in 1939 and later wrote many classic science fiction novels.}{\f0\ul  \emdash 
Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Heisenberg, Werner: }{\f0 (1901 - 1976) German atomic physicist who won the Nobel prize in 1932 for his work in quantum mechanics (the mechanics of atoms, molecules and other physical systems that are subject to
 the principle of uncertainty). The principle of uncertainty was formulated by Heisenberg in 1927. According to this principle, accurate measurement of one of two related, observable quantities, as position and momentum or energy and time, produces uncert
ainties in the measurement of the other. \emdash LA Community Access Library and }{\f0\ul Random House Diction of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul HEL - HI
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Helatrobus:}{\f0  ***the Helatrobus implants, a series of implants given
 between 38.2 trillion years ago and 52 trillion years ago by the Helatrobus civilization. These implants were preceded by blanketing a planet with radioactive clouds and, after a time, capturing beings by pulling them up into the sky by means of a beam o
r by trapping them in a bubble. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Helatrobus:}{\f0  the Helatrobus implants, a series of implants given between 38.2 trillion years ago and 52 trillion years ago by the Helatrobus civilization. These implants were 
preceded by blanketing a planet with radioactive clouds and, after a time, capturing beings by pulling them up into the sky by means of a beam or by trapping them in a bubble. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Helatrobus:}{\f0 
 the Helatrobus implants, a series of implants given between 38.2 trillion years ago and 52 trillion years ago by the Helatrobus civilization. These implants were preceded by blanketing a planet with radioactive clouds and, after a time, capturing beings 
by pulling them up into the sky by means of a beam or by trapping them in a bubble. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Helatrobus implant:}{\f0 
*** one of a series of implants given between 38.2 trillion years ago and 52 trillion years ago by the Helatrobus civilization. These implants were preceded by blanketing a planet with radioactive clouds and, after a time, capturing beings by pulling them
 up into the sky by means of a beam or by trapping them in a bubble. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Helatrobus implants:}{\f0  a series of implants given betw
een 38.2 trillion years ago and 52 trillion years ago by the Helatrobus (an interplanatary nation) civilization. These implants were preceded by blanketing a planet with radioactive clouds and, after a time, capturing beings by pulling them up into the sk
y by means of a beam or by trapping them in a bubble. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Helatrobus Implants:}{\f0  goals implanted between 38.2 trillion years to 52 trillion years ago by the Helatrobus civilization, an interplanetary people. These people would blanket 
a planet with radioactive clouds and, after a time, capture beings by pulling them up into the sky by means of a beam or by trapping them in a bubble and then would implant those captured. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  goal}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 implant}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Helen:}{\f0  a staff member at the Philadelphia foundation at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Helena:}{\f0  capital city of Montana near which L. Ron Hubbard lived as a boy. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Present Scientology to the World Part II Glossary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Helena, Montana:}{\f0  capital city of Montana near which L. Ron Hubbard lived as a boy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 helicopterly:}{\f0 
 literally, in a manner like that of a helicopter (a kind of aircraft which can move in any direction or be kept hovering by large rotary blades mounted horizontally). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0 
 Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 helium:}{\f0  one of the chemical elements, a very light, inert, colorless gas: it is used for inflating balloons, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell:}{\f0  any place or state of torment or misery. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell:***}{\f0  any place or state of torment or misery. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul 
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell:}{\f0  any place or state of torment or misery. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hell: }{\f0 a place or state of wickedness, suffering or misery.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-10}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  not so, untrue; an interjection indicating the speaker's lack of belief in what he heard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  not so, untrue; an interjection indicating the speaker's lack of belief in what he heard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell and back, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul to hell and gone,}{\f0  very far from any given place, especially without probability of returning or being returned.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place, especially without probability of returning or being returned. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, to: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place, especially without probability of returning or being returned. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place, especially without probability of returning or being returned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 very far from any given place, especially without probability of returning or being returned.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place, especially without probability of returning or being returned. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place, especially without probability of returning or being returned. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, way the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place, especially without probability of returning or being returned. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, way to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, way to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell and gone, way up to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very far from any given place. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, as:}{\f0  an intensifier meaning very or extremely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, as:}{\f0  an intensifier meaning very or extremely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, as:}{\f0  an intensifier meaning very or extremely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, as:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an intensifier meaning very or extremely. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, as:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an intensifier meaning very or extremely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, as:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an intensifier meaning very or extremely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, as:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an intensifier meaning very or extremely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell-bent-for-leather:***}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  rapidly and energetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hell break loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything become completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell breaks loose, all: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything becomes completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell broke loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything became completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 hell broke loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything became completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell broke loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything became completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hellebore:}{\f0  any of the poisonous or medicinal substances obtained from plants of the buttercup and lily families. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hellespont:}{\f0  previous name of Dardanelles, a narrow strait (3/4 to 4 miles wide) between Europe and Turkey joining the Aegean Sea with the Marmara Sea (a sea in northwest Turkey). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hellfire and brimstone:}{\f0  promise of damnation and punishment; raising of visions of fire and brimstone, as the fire of hell. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hellfire-and-brimstone: }{\f0 promising damnation and punishment; raising visions of fire and brimstone, as the fire of hell. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell for leather:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  energetic; at full speed or with maximum effort. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell freezes over:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  forever. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell freezes over, till:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  forever. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hell freezes over, till:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  forever. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell froze over, till:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  forever. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell froze over, till:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  forever. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell, giving (one):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  causing trouble for (a person), making his life unpleasant, etc. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, goes to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  becomes an extremely disagreeable, unsettling or punishing condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell, goes to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  becomes utterly ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, goes to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  becomes utterly ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, goes to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  becomes utterly ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, goes to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  degenerates quickly and decisively. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, goes to:}{\f0  degenerates quickly and decisively. A short form of }{\f0\ul goes to hell in a handbasket.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, goes to:}{\f0  degenerates quickly and decisively. Variant form of }{\f0\ul goes to hell in a handbasket.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, goes to:}{\f0  degenerates quickly and decisively. Variant form of }{\f0\ul goes to hell in a handbasket.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, going to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  becoming utterly ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, going to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  becoming utterly ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, going to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  degenerating quickly and decisively. A variation of }{\f0\ul going to hell in a handbasket. \emdash Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell, going to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  degenerating quickly and decisively. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, gone to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  utterly ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, gone to: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  utterly ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell hath no ARC breaks...:}{\f0  an allusion to the proverb}{\f0\ul  hell hath no fury like a woman scorned,}{\f0  meaning no one is angrier than a woman who has been rejected in love.}{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hell hath no fury:}{\f0  an allusion to the proverb}{\f0\ul  hell hath no fury like a woman scorned,}{\f0  meaning no one is angrier than a woman who has been rejected in love. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell hath no fury like...: }{\f0 an allusion to the proverb}{\f0\ul  hell hath no fury like a woman scorned,}{\f0  meaning no one is angrier than a woman who has been rejected in love. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hell hath no snowball able to resist the fury:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a coined phrase from }{\f0\ul hell hath no fury like a woman scorned}{\f0 , a woman who has been scorned in love by a man will try to get revenge on him in some way, and }
{\f0\ul a snowball's chance in hell}{\f0 , no possibility whatever. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, how in the:}{\f0  however. An expression often showing surprise or annoyance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell, how the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  however. An expression often showing surprise or annoyance. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hell, how the: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  however. An expression often showing surprise or annoyance. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell in a balloon, going to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  deteriorating badly and rapidly. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul go to hell in a hand basket (or a bucket).}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell in a balloon, went to:}{\f0  deteriorated badly; went downhill. Variation on the phrase }{\f0\ul went to hell in a handbasket.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #13, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 helling around: }{\f0 going around in a noisy and often immoral way; carousing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hellion:}{\f0  a disorderly, troublesome, rowdy or mischievous person.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hell is breaking loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything is becoming completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell is breaking loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything is becoming completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell is going to break loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything is going to become completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell knocked out of him, having:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 being hit or treated very violently. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  as in a state of torment or misery. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much, hard, fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much, very hard, very fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much, very hard, very fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much, very hard, very fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much, very hard, very fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much, very hard, very fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much, very hard, very fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  with great speed, effort, intensity, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, like:}{\f0  not so, untrue; an interjection indicating the speaker's lack of belief in what he heard. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, madder than:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul mad as a hornet,}{\f0  in a fighting mood; very angry. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hello and Okay:}{\f0 
 an auditing procedure which can be used to remedy a preclear's lack of communication with a particular location, object, part of his body, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much of a; a very great, good, bad, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much of a; a very great, good, bad, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much of a; a very great, good, bad, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much of a; very great, good, bad, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  ***very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a:}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a, a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much of a; a very great, good, bad, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a, a:}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a lot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much; a great deal. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of an:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of an: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of an, a: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much of an; a very great, good, bad, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of a note:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something amazing, disgusting, surprising, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell of it, for the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only as a form of pleasure, excitement, etc., especially (of a dangerous or criminal action) for no good reason. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hell of it, for the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  with no purpose other than sheer adventure or fun. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, only hope in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  the only hope or chance at all. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell on wheels:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  extremely demanding, fast-paced, aggressive, effective or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell on wheels: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  extremely demanding, fast-paced, aggressive, effective, or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell or high water, come:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  no matter what happens; whatever may come. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell or high water, come:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  no matter what happens; whatever may come. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell or high water, come:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  no matter what happens; whatever may come. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell or high water, through:}{\f0  in the face of whatever difficulties; no matter what. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell out of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the hell out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell out of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the hell out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell out of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the hell out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell out of it, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul 
beat the hell out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote  this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell out of, knock the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul beat the hell out of,}{\f0 
 defeat or thrash thoroughly.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell out of (someone), knock:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul beat the hell out of,}{\f0  to defeat or thrash (someone) thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell out of, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the hell out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell out of, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the hell out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell out of, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the hell out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  cause noisy trouble or fighting; show one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  cause noisy trouble or fighting; show one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  cause noisy trouble or fighting; show one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  cause noisy trouble or fighting; show one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  cause noisy trouble or fighting; show one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  cause noisy trouble or fighting; show one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  cause trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 create an uproar. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell raised:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an uproar; a violent objection. Variation of }{\f0\ul raise hell}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raised:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  caused noisy trouble or fighting; showed one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell raised:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  caused noisy trouble or fighting; shown one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raise more:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 create more of an uproar. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raises: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 creates an uproar.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raises:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 creates an uproar.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raising:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  causing noisy trouble or fighting; showing one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raising:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  causing noisy trouble or fighting; showing one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raising:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  causing noisy trouble or fighting; showing one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raising:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  causing noisy trouble or fighting; showing one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raising:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  causing noisy trouble or fighting; showing one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, raising:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  causing noisy trouble or fighting; showing one's disapproval of someone or something very loudly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell results, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul all hell breaks loose:}{\f0  everything becomes completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hells bells:}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hells bells:}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell's bells:*** }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hell's bells: }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hell's bells:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 hell's bells:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell's bells: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell's bells:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell's bells:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of impatience, anger, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell's going to break loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everything is going to become completely confused, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell's half acre:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  everywhere. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, shot to:}{\b\f0\ul  (colloquial) }{\f0 in a state of ruin or collapse. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, shot to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  utterly ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hell's Kitchen:}{\f0  the nickname given to an area on the West Side of New York City. The slumlike nature of the neighborhood created an atmosphere where crime was rampant, giving rise to the name. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell, sure as:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  without any doubt; certainly (used to emphasize the truth of a statement, one's belief in one's own opinion, etc.). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0 
 (1) an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. (2) not so, untrue; an interjection indicating the speaker's lack of belief in what he heard. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hell, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an intensifier used to express surprise, anger, impatience, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell, to: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  into any extremely disagreeable, unsettling or punishing state or condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell to pay:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a very large fuss with dangerous implications; violent repercussions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell to pay:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a very large fuss with dangerous implications; violent repercussions. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 helluva:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very remarkable, awful, admirable, distressing, etc. A variation of }{\f0\ul hell of a.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, what the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an expression used to show lack of concern or worry, indifference, abandonment, surrender, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, what the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  whatever (used to introduce emphatic questions, often showing surprise or annoyance). }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, what the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  whatever (used to introduce emphatic questions, often showing surprise or annoyance). }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, what the: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  whatever (an expression used to show surprise or annoyance). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell, what the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  whatever (used to introduce emphatic questions, often showing surprise or a
nnoyance). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hell, what the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 whatever (used to introduce emphatic questions, often showing surprise or annoyance). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell, what the:}{\f0  whatever (used to introduce emphatic questions, often showing surprise or annoyance). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hell with:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something.}{\f0\ul  \emdash 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell with:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell with it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with it, the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with it, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell with it, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with it, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with it, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with that, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with that, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell with this, to: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul ***(informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell with you, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation expressing disgusted rejection of someone. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell won't happen, until:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  forever, for an eternity. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul until hell freezes over. We can put in ARC breaks until hell won't happen.}{\f0   \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #7, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hell would have broken loose, all:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  things would have become very turbulent, dangerous, noisy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hell you are: }{\b\f0\ul see like hell}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 helmsman:}{\f0  the person who steers a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 helmsmanship:}{\f0  ability as a }{\f0\ul helmsman,}{\f0  the person who steers a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Help: }{\f0 
a process that lets the pc as-is (cause to vanish or cease to exist, accomplished by viewing something exactly as it is, without any distortions or lies) his failures to help as well as his denials of help. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1
Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Help:}{\f0  a process that lets the pc as-is his failures to help as well as his denials of help. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }
{\b\f0 as-is}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Help:}{\f0  a process that lets the pc as-is his failures to help as well as his denials of help. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul as-is }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Help:}{\f0  a process that lets the preclear as-is his failures to help as well as his denials of help. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul as-is}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Help:}{\f0  a process that lets the preclear as-is his failures to help as well as his denials of help. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul as-ises}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Helper:}{\f0  one of the most powerful incidents in terms of charge on the early track. It is actually mitosis or cell splitting. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 helter-skelter:}{\f0  haste or confusion; disorder. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hem and haw:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  make sounds as if one is clearing the throat, or groping around in speech, while searching for the right words. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hemery, Peter:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hemisphere:}{\f0  half of the Earth's surface. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hemlock:}{\f0  the poison made from a European plant of the parsley family with small white flowers. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul hemmed in:}{\f0  confined or restrained. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul hemmed in:}{\f0  confined or restrained. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hemmed in:}{\f0  confined or restrained.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 hemming and hawing:}{\f0  ***making sounds as if one is clearing the throat, or groping around in speech, while searching for the right words. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hemming and hawing:}{\f0  making sounds as if one is clearing the throat, or groping around in speech, while searching for the right words. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hemoglobin:}{\f0  the oxygen-carrying pigment of red blood cells that gives them their red color and serves to convey oxygen to the tissues. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 hemorrhage:}{\f0  bleed heavily, as from a broken blood vessel. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hemorrhage:}{\f0  heavy bleeding, as from a broken blood vessel. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hemorrhage: }{\f0 the escape of large quantities of blood from a blood vessel; heavy bleeding. --}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Student Edition}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 hemorrhaging:}{\f0  bleeding heavily. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hems and haws: }{\f0 makes sounds as if one is clearing the throat, or gropes around in speech, while searching for the right words. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 hen-bite:}{\f0  a humorous, made-up name for a hen disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hen-bite:}{\f0  a humorous, made-up name for a hen disease.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hen-bite:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 henchman:}{\f0  a person who blindly follows and supports a leader. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 henchmen:}{\f0  dishonest and ruthless subordinates, especially, criminals. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Henny Penny and the sky was falling:}{\f0  reference to }{\f0\ul Henny Penny}{\f0 , also known as }{\f0\ul Chicken Little,}{\f0 
 a folk tale handed down by word of mouth through hundreds of years. The story is about a chicken who, while walking down the road one day, passed under an oak tree from which an acorn dropped and hit her on the head. She looked around and couldn'
t find what hit her and decided that the sky was falling. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Henri:}{\f0  a made-up name for a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Henry, O.:}{\f0  the pseudonym of William Sydney Porter (1862 - 1910), US short-story writer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Henry the VIII:}{\f0  (1491 - 1547) a king of England in the early sixteenth century. With the support of his parliament he established himself as the head of the Christian Church in England, in place of the Pope, after the Pope refused to al
low his marriage with Catherine of Aragon to be dissolved. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Catherine of Aragon}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Henry VIII:}{\f0 
 (1491 - 1547) a king of England in the early sixteenth century. With the support of his parliament he established himself as the head of the Christian Church in England. Though often headstrong and cruel, Henry made England an important power. He rebuilt
 the English Navy and fought several successful land battles with France and Scotland. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Henry VIII:}{\f0 
 (1491 - 1547) a king of England in the early sixteenth century. With the support of his parliament he established himself as the head of the Christian church in England. Though often headstrong and cruel, Henry made England an important power. He rebuilt
 the English Navy and fought several successful land battles with France and Scotland. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Henry VIII: }{\f0 (1491 - 1547) a king of England (1509 - 1547). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hens, leading order of:}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul pecking order,}{\f0 
 a sequence of authority in an organization or social order. From a dominance heirarchy seen, especially in domestic poultry, that is maintained by one bird pecking another of lower status. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hens, leading order of:}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul pecking order,}{\f0 
 a sequence of authority in an organization or social order. From a dominance hierarchy seen, especially in domestic poultry, that is maintained by one bird pecking another of lower status. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hens, leading order of:}{\f0 
 the social order or line in which each person's place is indicated by the degree to which he is ruled by people above him and by his own power to rule others below him. From the feeding habits of certain birds (the stronger ones feed before allowing the 
weaker ones to do so). Variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul the pecking order.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hepcat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a performer in a swing or jazz band. Swing is a style of jazz music of about 1935 - 1945, characterized by the use of large bands, strong rhythms, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hepcat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  up-to-date; modern; fashionable. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hepped on:}{\f0  made aware of. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hepped on:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  enthusiastic about. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hepped on:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  enthusiastic about. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hepped on:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  enthusiastic about. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hepped up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  interested or preoccupied, almost to an irrational extent; obsessed. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hepsibah, Mrs.:}{\f0  a made-up name for a preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heptachlor:}{\f0  a waxy solid, formerly used as an insecticide. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 HE&R:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul h}{\f0 uman }{\f0\ul e}{\f0 motion and }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 
eaction, the counter-emotions and reactions which aberrated human beings express when they are guided toward survival objectives. They are usually below 2.0 on the Tone Scale. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 herald:}{\f0  (formerly) a royal or official messenger, especially one representing a monarch in an ambassadorial capacity during wartime. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 heralded: }{\f0 publicized. --}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary Student Edition.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0\ul Herald Express:}{\f0  the name of a daily Los Angeles newspaper founded in 1931. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Herald Tribune:}{\f0  the name of a newspaper. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Herald Tribune:}{\f0  the name of a newspaper.}{\f0\ul   \emdash SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Herbie:}{\f0  a Saint Hill Special Briefing Course Instructor at the time of this lecture.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Herbie:}{\f0  a Saint Hill Special Briefing Course Instructor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Herbie:}{\f0  a Saint Hill Special Briefing Course Instructor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Herbie:}{\f0  ***the name of a Course Supervisor at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Herbie:}{\f0  the name of a Course Supervisor at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Herbie:}{\f0  the name of a Course Supervisor at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Herbie:}{\f0  the name of a Course Supervisor at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Herbie:}{\f0  the name of a Course Supervisor at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Herculean:}{\f0  having enormous strength, courage or size. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 herculean: }{\f0 having enormous strength, courage or size. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 herculean: }{\f0 requiring enormous strength, courage or size. From }{\f0\ul Hercules,}{\f0 
 a mythical Greek hero of fabulous strength and courage who, after completing 12 heroic feats assigned to him (including killing several legendary monsters), became immortal. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hercules:}{\f0  a mythical Greek hero of fabulous strength and courage who, after completing 12 heroic feats assigned to him (including killing several legendary monsters), became immortal. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Hercules:}{\f0  a mythical Greek hero of fabulous strength and courage who, after completing 12 heroic feats assigned to him (including killing several legendary monsters), became immortal. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 hereafter:}{\f0  a life or existence after death; the future beyond mortal existence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 hereditary: }{\f0 passing, or capable of passing, naturally from parent to offspring through the genes. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 herein:}{\f0  in this writing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 herein:***}{\f0  in this writing. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 heresy: }{\f0 any belief or theory that strongly goes against established beliefs or customs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 heresy:}{\f0  (Roman Catholic) a willful and persistent rejection of any of the articles of faith by a baptized member of the church. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 heretic:}{\f0  a person who holds a belief that is different from the accepted belief of his church, school, profession, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heretic:}{\f0  a person who holds a belief that is different from the accepted belief of his church, school, profession, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heretofore:}{\f0  before this time. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 heretofore: }{\f0 before this time; until now. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heritage: }{\f0 something handed down from one's ancestors or the past, as a characteristic, a culture, tradition, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 heroically:}{\f0  in an extreme manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 heroin:}{\f0  a white, crystalline, narcotic powder, derived fro
m morphine, formerly used as a painkiller and sedative; manufacture and importation of heroin is controlled by federal law in the US because of the danger of addiction. The word is derived from the Greek word }{\f0\ul hero}{\f0 
 allegedly because of the feelings of power and euphoria which it stimulates. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 heroine:}{\f0  the principal female character in a story, play, film, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 Herr: }{\b\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  mister; sir. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Herr Doktor:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  a title of address for a doctor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Herr Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. }{\f0\ul 
Herr}{\f0  is a German title corresponding to }{\f0\ul Mister}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul Sir. \emdash 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 herring:}{\f0  a small, silvery food fish of northern seas that is canned as a sardine. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Herring:}{\f0  humorous reference to Hermann Wilhelm G\'f6
ring (1893 - 1946), a German statesman who participated with Hitler in an abortive attempt in Munich, Germany, to seize the government and then fled to Italy. He returned in 1927 and became an active leader in the Nazi party. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Hitler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Herring:}{\f0  humorous reference to Hermann Wilhelm G\'f6ring (189
3 - 1946), a German statesman who participated with Hitler in an abortive attempt in Munich, Germany, to seize the government and then fled to Italy. He returned in 1927 and became an active leader in the Nazi party. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Hitler, Nazis }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 World War II}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Herring:}{\f0  humorous reference to Hermann Wilhelm G\'f6
ring (1893 - 1946), a German statesman who participated with Hitler in an abortive attempt in Munich, Germany, to seize the government and then fled to Italy. He returned in 1927 and became an active leader in the Nazi party. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Hitler }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Nazi Germany }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hershey, Milton:}{\f0  (1857 - 1945), American industrialist, founder of a large chocolate-manufacturing business. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 Herter, Christian:}{\f0  (1895 - 1966) American diplomat; secretary of state (1959 - 1961). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hesitate:***}{\f0  pause; stop momentarily. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Hessian:}{\f0  a German soldier of Hesse (a state in Germany) hired by England to fight against the Americans during the American Revolutionary War (1775 - 1783). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hessian regiment:}{\f0  a unit of German soldiers from Hesse (a state in Germany) hired by England to fight against the Americans during the American Revolutionary War. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Revolutionary War}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hessians:}{\f0  German soldiers of Hesse (a state in Germany) hired by England to fight against the Americans during the American Revolutionary War. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  American Revolution}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heuristic:}{\f0  based on experimentation, evaluation or trial-and-error methods. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 heuristic:}{\f0  based on experimentation, evaluation or trial-and-error methods. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 heuristically:}{\f0  in a manner based on experimentation, evaluation or trial-and-error methods. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 HEW:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ealth, }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 ducation and }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 elfare. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Health and Education and Welfare}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hew:}{\f0 *** adhere or conform to; keep to; hold to. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hew:}{\f0  adhere or conform to; keep to; hold to. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hew:}{\f0  to chop or cut with an ax or sword, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 he who dies by the sword lives by the Bible:}{\f0  humorous twist of the Biblical phrase \ldblquote All those who take the sword will perish by the sword,\rdblquote  (Matthew 26:52). \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hews:}{\f0  conforms or adheres (}{\f0\ul to}{\f0  a line, rule, principle, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hews:}{\f0  upholds, follows closely or conforms (usually followed by }{\f0\ul to}{\f0 ).  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 hexadiagonal:}{\f0  variation of hexagonal; of or having the form of a hexagon (a flat figure with six angles and six sides). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hexed:}{\f0  bewitched; practiced on by witchcraft. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 heyday: }{\f0 the stage or period of greatest vigor, strength, success, etc.; prime. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Edition Unabridged}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 H-factor:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul h}{\f0 ope }{\f0\ul factor. \emdash SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 H-factor:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul h}{\f0 ope }{\f0\ul factor.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 H-factor:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul h}{\f0 ope }{\f0\ul factor. \emdash SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HGA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 raduate }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor, a Class VII Auditor. An auditor at this level audits the Power Processes (which result in an ability to handle power). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HGA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 raduate }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor, a Class VII Auditor. An auditor at this level audits the Power Processes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Power Process}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Guidance Center:}{\f0  that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Guidance Center:}{\f0  that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Guidance Center:}{\f0  that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  G}{\f0 uidance}{\f0\ul  C}{\f0 enter: that part of a Scientology organization which delivers auditing to preclears.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:*** }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Guidance Center:}{\f0  that part of a Scientology org (Division 4, Department 12) which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990

\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter: that part of a Scientology org which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 ***abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}
{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology organization which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Guidance Center,}{\f0  that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90

\par }{\b\f0\ul HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary
}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology organization which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{
\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure
}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 
enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. See also}{\b\f0  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  G}{\f0 uidance}{\f0\ul  C}{\f0 
enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HGC: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology organization which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)

\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 uidance }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 enter, that part of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HGC:}{\f0  Hubbard Guidance Center: (Division 4, Department 12) that department of the Technical Division of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hiccups:}{\f0  quick, involuntary inhalations. Used figuratively to describe a motion of the needle on an E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #7, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hick:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  located in a rural or culturally unsophisticated area. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hick:}{\f0  located in a rural or culturally unsophisticated area. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hickok, \ldblquote Wild Bill\rdblquote :}{\f0  (1837 - 1876), a frontier settler and United States marshal of the nineteenth century, known for his pursuit of some of the worst outlaws of the old West. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hickok, Wild Bill:}{\f0  James Butler (\ldblquote Wild Bill\rdblquote ) Hickok (1837 - 1876), American frontier scout and marshal, known for his
 pursuit of some of the worst outlaws of the old West (western United States in the days of the first settlers). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hickok, Wild Bill:}{\f0  James Butler (\ldblquote Wild Bill\rdblquote 
) Hickok (1837 - 1876), American frontier settler and marshal, known for his pursuit of some of the worst outlaws of the Old West (western part of the United States, especially during the frontier period of the 19th century).  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hidden data line:}{\f0  an apparency of a line on which Scientology tech was given out by LRH but not made known to students. This }{\f0\ul apparency}{\f0 
 is somebody's pretense to know more from LRH than is on the tapes and in books and mimeos, or, brutally, somebody's alter-is of materials. There is no such \ldblquote line.\rdblquote 
 The whole of technology is released in HCO Bulletins, HCO Policy Letters and tapes which have been done by LRH. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hidden data line:}{\f0  an apparency of a line on which Scientology tech was given out by LRH but not made known to students. This }{\f0\ul apparency}{\f0 
 is somebody's pretense to know more from LRH than is on the tapes and in books and mimeos, or, brutally, somebody's alter-is of materials. There is no such \ldblquote line.\rdblquote 
 The whole of technology is released in HCO Bulletins, HCO Policy Letters and tapes which have been done by LRH. For further information see HCOPL 16 April 1965 THE \ldblquote HIDDEN DATA LINE.\rdblquote  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{
\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hidden standard:}{\f0  ***a problem a person thinks must be resolved before auditing can be seen 
to have worked. It's a standard by which to judge Scientology or auditing or the auditor. This hidden standard is always an old problem of long duration. It is a postulate - counter-postulate situation\'d1
the source of the counter-postulate was suppressive to the pc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul\up6 hidden standard:}{\f0  a problem a person thinks must be resolved before auditing can be seen to have worked. It's a standard by which to judge Scientology or auditing or the auditor. This hidden standa
rd is always an old problem of long duration. It is a postulate - counter-postulate situation\'d1the source of the counter-postulate was suppressive to the pc. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 hidden standard:}{\f0 
 a problem a person thinks must be resolved before auditing can be seen to have worked. It's a standard by which to judge Scientology or auditing or the auditor. This hidden standard is always an old problem of long duration. It is a postulate - counter-p
ostulate situation\'d1the source of the counter-postulate was suppressive to the pc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hidden standards:}{\f0 
 problems a person thinks must be resolved before auditing can be seen to have worked. It's a standard by which to judge Scientology or auditing or the auditor. This hidden standard is always an old problem of long duration. It is a postulate - counter-po
stulate situation\'d1the source of the counter-postulate was suppressive to the pc.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hideout:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a hiding place. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Higgenbottem:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high and dry:}{\f0  all alone; without help; stranded. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 highball:}{\f0  a railroad signal meaning \ldblquote go ahead.\rdblquote  From the early railroad signal device consisting of a large white ball hung from a pole. The ball was lowered to indicate \ldblquote stop\rdblquote 
 and raised to show that the way was clear ahead. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0 *** a musical tone of a relatively high frequency\'d11760 vibrations per second. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul tone}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  ***a pitch having a relatively high frequency. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  a pitch having a relatively high frequency. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  a pitch having a relatively high frequency.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  a pitch having a relatively high frequency. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  a pitch having a relatively high frequency. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  a pitch having a relatively high frequency. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  a pitch having a relatively high frequency. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  a pitch having a relatively high frequency. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  a pitch having a relatively high frequency. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high C:}{\f0  like a pitch having a relatively high frequency. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high command:}{\f0  the leadership or highest authority of a military command or other organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 high crime:}{\f0  an action or omission undertaken knowingly to suppress, reduce or impede Scientology or Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 high crime:}{\f0  an action or omission undertaken to knowingly suppress, reduce or impede Scientology or Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 high crimes:}{\f0  actions or omissions undertaken to knowingly suppress, reduce or impede Scientology or Scientologists. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 high crimes:}{\f0  actions or omissions undertaken to knowingly suppress, reduce or impede Scientology or Scientologists. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 high crimes:***}{\f0  actions or omissions undertaken to knowingly suppress, reduce or impede Scientology or Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 high crimes:}{\f0  suppressive acts; actions or omissions undertaken to knowingly suppress, reduce or impede Scientology or Scientologists.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 high express rifle:}{\f0  a rifle which fires bullets at very high velocity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high G:}{\f0  ***a pitch having a higher frequency than high C. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 high C}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 high G:}{\f0  a pitch having a higher frequency than high C. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 high C}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high G:}{\f0  a pitch having a high frequency. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 high gear: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  high speed or efficiency. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 high gear:}{\f0  top speed; full activity.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high heaven, screaming to:}{\f0   }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  screaming very strongly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 high heaven, to:}{\f0  very strongly; fervently. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 High Kensington:}{\f0  High Street, in Kensington, a borough of London. The area is chiefly residential, though it contains numerous museums and institutions of learning. It has been considered the most fashionable part of London. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 highly connected:}{\f0  having important or powerful social or professional relationships. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high old time:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a most enjoyable time. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high priest: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a person in a high position of power or influence; a leader. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 High Priests: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  persons in high positions of power or influence, especially those who are revered as preeminent authorities or interpreters. \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 High Priests:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  persons in high positions of power or influence; leaders. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 High Priests: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  persons in high positions of power or influence; leaders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 High Priests:***}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  persons in high positions of power or influence; leaders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 highroads:}{\f0  main roads; highways. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high scale:}{\f0  positioned high on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 high school:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  a secondary school attended after the elementary school. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high school:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  a secondary school attended after the elementary school. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high school: }{\b\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  a secondary school attended after the elementary school. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 high school: }{\b\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  a secondary school attended after the elementary school. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 high-school: }{\b\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  of or pertaining to a secondary school attended after the elementary school. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 high}{\f0  }{\b\f0 school:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  of or pertaining to a secondary school attended after the elementary school. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 high school:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  of or pertaining to a secondary school attended after the elementary school. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 High School Indoc: }{\b\f0\ul High School Indoctrination:}{\f0 
 Training Routine 7, a precise drill with the purpose to train the student auditor never to be stopped by a preclear, to train him to run fine 8-C in any circumstances and to teach him to handle rebellious people. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 High School Indoc:}{\f0  the name of Training Drill }{\f0\ul Training 7}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See}{\f0  HCOB 11 June 57, TRAINING AND CCH PROCESSES, in the appendix of this volume for data on this drill. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 High School Indoctrination: }{\f0 
a precise drill with the purpose of training the student auditor to never be stopped by a preclear, to train him to run fine 8-C in any circumstances and to teach him to handle rebellious people. It is now known as Training Routine 7 (TR 7). }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul 8-C}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 high space:}{\f0  ***outer space. A variation of }{\f0\ul high seas:}{\f0  the open ocean waters outside the territorial limits of any single nation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 High Street:}{\f0  the main street in East Grinstead. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high TA:}{\f0  an E-Meter tone arm which is above normal range (between 2 and 3 on the tone arm dial). The }{\f0\ul tone arm}{\f0  is a control lever on the E-Meter. It registers density of mass in the mind of the preclear
. This is actual mass, not imaginary, and can be weighed, measured by resistance, etc. Therefore, the tone arm registers the state of the case at any given time in processing. As a person is processed, mental mass shifts, and when it dissipates, the audit
or moves the tone arm down to compensate for this lessening of density of mass. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 high tide:}{\f0  a highest point or climax. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 high-tide mark:}{\f0  literally, the mark left after high water has receded. Used figuratively in this sense. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 high tone: }{\f0 
of or concerning individuals who are high on the Tone Scale. They think wholly into the future. They are extroverted toward their environment. They clearly observe the environment with full perception unclouded by undistinguished fears about the environme
nt. They think very little about themselves but operate automatically in their own interests. They enjoy existence. Their calculations are swift and accurate. They are very self-confident. They }{\f0\ul know}{\f0 
 they know and do not even bother to assert that they know. They control their environment. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 high-tone:}{\f0  positioned high on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 high-toned:}{\f0  ***high on the Tone Scale. High-toned individuals think wholly into the future. They are extroverted toward their envir
onment. They clearly observe the environment with full perception unclouded by undistinguished fears about the environment. They think very little about themselves but operate automatically in their own interests. They enjoy existence. Their calculations 
are swift and accurate. They are very self-confident. They }{\f0\ul know}{\f0  they know and do not even bother to assert that they know. They control their environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 high-toned:}{\f0  high on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul High-toned }{\f0 indi
viduals think wholly into the future. They are extroverted toward their environment. They clearly observe the environment with full perception unclouded by undistinguished fears about the environment. They think very little about themselves but operate au
tomatically in their own interests. They enjoy existence. Their calculations are swift and accurate. They are very self-confident. They }{\f0\ul know}{\f0  they know and do not even bother to assert that they know. They control their environment. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 high-toned:}{\f0 
 high on the Tone Scale. High-toned individuals think wholly into the future. They are extroverted toward their environment. They clearly observe the environment with full perception unclouded by undistinguished fears about the environment. They think ver
y little about themselves but operate automatically in their own interests. They enjoy existence. Their calculations are swift and accurate. They are very self-confident. They }{\f0\ul know}{\f0  they kno
w and do not even bother to assert that they know. They control their environment. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 high-toned:}{\f0 
 high on the Tone Scale. High-toned individuals think wholly into the future. They are extroverted toward their environment. They clearly observe the environment with full perception unclouded by undistinguished fears about the environment. They think ver
y little about themselves but operate automatically in their own interests. They enjoy existence. Their calculations are swift and accurate. They are very self-confident. They }{\f0\ul know}{\f0 
 they know and do not even bother to assert that they know. They control their environment. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 high-toned:}{\f0 
 of or concerning a position high on the Tone Scale. At this level, a person thinks wholly into the future. They are extroverted toward their environment. They clearly observe the environment with full perception unclouded by undistinguished fear
s about the environment. They think very little about themselves but operate automatically in their own interests. They enjoy existence. Their calculations are swift and accurate. They are very self-confident. They }{\f0\ul know}{\f0 
 they know and do not even bother to assert that they know. They control their environment. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 high-toned:}{\f0 *** positioned high on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul tone scale}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 highway department:}{\f0  a state department responsible for the supervision of a designated system of highways. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Highway Patrol\rdblquote :}{\f0  a television show (1955 - 1959) about the chief of a highway patrol and his officers who captured smugglers, robbers and other criminals. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Highway Patrol\rdblquote :}{\f0  a television show (1955 - 1959) about the chief of a highway patrol and his officers who captured smugglers, robbers and other criminals. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 high wine:}{\f0  anything with an intoxicating or exhilarating effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hill 101:}{\f0  a made-up military designation, as for a specific location (in this instance a hill) in an area of combat. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hillbilly:}{\f0  of or characteristic of persons who live in or come from the mountains or backwoods, especially of the southeastern United States: sometimes a contemptuous term. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90

\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something of little significance, importance, or benefit; insignificant, inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something of little significance, importance, or benefit; insignificant, inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something of little significance, importance or benefit; something inconsequential. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul hill of beans:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something of little significance, importance, or benefit; something inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something of little significance, importance, or benefit; something insignificant or inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, are not going to amount to a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  are going to be something of little significance, importance, or benefit; are going to be insignificant, inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, didn't amount to a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  was something of little significance, importance, or benefit; was insignificant, inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, didn't amount to a: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  was something of little significance, importance, or benefit; was insignificant or inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, doesn't amount to a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  is something of little significance, importance, or benefit; is insignificant, inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, doesn't matter to a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  is something of little significance, importance, or benefit; is insignificant or inconsequential. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul doesn't amount to a hill of beans.}{\f0  \emdash 
}{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, don't amount to a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  are something of little significance, importance, or benefit; are insignificant, inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, don't amount to a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  are things of little significance, importance, or benefit; are insignificant, inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, don't amount to a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  be something of little significance, importance, or benefit; be insignificant, inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hill of beans, don't amount to a: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  is something of little significance, importance, or benefit; is insignificant or inconsequential. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hill, over the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  absent without permission. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hills, go over the: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  be gone; become absent.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Hill, the:}{\f0  Capitol Hill: the small hill in Washington, DC, where the Capitol (building used by the US Congress for its sessions) stands.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hill, the:}{\f0  ***short for }{\f0\ul Capitol Hill:}{\f0  the small hill in Washington, DC (the capital of the United States) where the Capitol (building used by the US Congress for its sessions) stands. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}
{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Hill, the:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Capitol Hill:}{\f0  the small hill in Washington, DC (the capital of the United States) where the Capitol (building used by the US Congress for its sessions) stands. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hilt, to the:}{\f0  thoroughly; entirely. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Himalayas:}{\f0  a mountain range in Asia, extending east through Pakistan, India, China (Tibet), Nepal and Bhutan. It contains the world's highest mountains, including Mount Everest (the highest peak in the world). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Himalayas:}{\f0  a mountain range in Asia, extending east through Pakistan, India, China (Tibet), Nepal and Bhutan. It contains the world's highest mountains, including Mount Everest (the highest peak in the world). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Himalayas:}{\f0  a mountain range in Asia, extending east through Pakistan, India, China (Tibet), Nepal and Bhutan. It contains the world's highest mountains, including Mount Everett (the highest peak in the world). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Himalayas:}{\f0  a mountain range in Asia, extending east through Pakistan, India, Tibet, Nepal and Bhutan. It contains the world's highest mountains, including Mount Everest (the highest peak in the world). \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{
\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hindside to:}{\f0  backwards. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hindu: }{\f0 an adherent of Hinduism, a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c., with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods, and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hindu:}{\f0  an adherent to Hinduism, a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c., with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hindu:}{\f0  an adherent to Hinduism, a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c., with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods, and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hindu:}{\f0  of an adherent to Hinduism, a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c., with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods, and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hindu:}{\f0  of Hinduism, a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c., with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods, and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hindu:}{\f0  of }{\f0\ul Hinduism,}{\f0  a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c., with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods, and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hindu: }{\f0 of or pertaining to Hinduism, a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c., with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods 
and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hinduism:}{\f0  a religious and social system, especially in India, with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods, and the caste system as a basis of society. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul caste system }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hindus: }{\f0 adherents of Hinduism, a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c.
, with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods, and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hindus: }{\f0 
adherents of Hinduism, a religious and social system which developed in India about 1400 b.c., with belief in reincarnation, worship of several gods, and the caste system (rigid, hereditary social classes) as a basis of society. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hindu trinity: }{\f0 Hindu representation of the three manifestations of the Supreme Being\'d1Brahma, Vishnu and Siva\'d1
each with a specific cosmic function: Brahma was associated with creation; Vishnu was associated with preservation and renewal; and Siva with destruction and disintegration. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hint:}{\f0  a slight indication of a fact, wish, etc.; indirect suggestion or piece of advice; intimation.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 hipped:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  greatly interested or preoccupied, almost to an irrational extent; obsessed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hipped:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  greatly interested or preoccupied, almost to an irrational extent; obsessed. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hippie: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 any of the young people of the 1960s who, in their alienation from conventional society, turned variously to mysticism, psychedelic drugs, communal living, avant-garde (of an ultramodern or experimental style) arts, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hippies:}{\f0  persons especially of th
e late 1960s who rejected established institutions and values and sought spontaneity, direct personal relations expressing love and expanded consciousness, often expressed externally in the wearing of casual folksy clothing and of beads, headbands, used g
arments, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Hippocrates:}{\f0  (460? - 370? b.c.) Greek physician, known as \ldblquote the father of medicine.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hippocrates:}{\f0  (460? - 370? b.c.) Greek physician, known as \ldblquote the father of medicine.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hippocrates:}{\f0  (460? - 370? b.c.) Greek physician, known as \ldblquote the father of medicine.\rdblquote 
 He believed that disease resulted from an imbalance of the four bodily humors and maintained that the humors were glandular secretions which were influenced by outside forces. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hippocratic oath:}{\f0  a code of ethics governing the profession and sworn to by physicians upon taking a doctor's degree. The oath relates particularly to the invio
lability of secrecy concerning any communication made by a patient in the course of consultation. From Hippocrates (460? - 370? b.c.), Greek physician, known as \ldblquote the father of medicine.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hire purchase:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  a credit system by which debts, as for purchased articles, are paid in installments. Also called an }{\f0\ul installment plan.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hiroshima:}{\f0  a Japanese city on which the United States dropped the first atomic bomb used in warfare, on August 6, 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hiroshima:}{\f0  a Japanese city on which the United States dropped the first atomic bomb used in warfare, on 6 August 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hiroshima:}{\f0  a Japanese city on which the United States dropped the first atomic bomb used in warfare, on August 6, 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hiroshima:}{\f0  a Japanese city on which the United States dropped the first atomic bomb used in warfare, on 6 August 1945. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul A-bomb }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hiroshima:}{\f0  a Japanese city on which the United States dropped the first atomic bomb used in warfare, on August 6, 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hiroshima:}{\f0  a Japanese city on which the United States dropped the first atomic bomb used in warfare on August 6, 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hiroshima:}{\f0  a Japanese city on which the United States dropped the first atomic bomb used in warfare, on 6 August 1945. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul A-bomb }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approv
ed Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hiroshima: }{\f0 a seaport in southwest Japan; site of the first military use of the atomic bomb on 6 August 1945.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hispanic:}{\f0  of or relating to Spanish-speaking persons of Latin American origin who live in the US.  }{\f0\ul 
In less than 6 months over 1,000 outlets in the US began distribution of Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health translated into Spanish and sales to the Hispanic public are going like wildfire.  }{\f0  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Hispano-Suiza:}{\f0  an expensive, high-class, European-made car. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hispano-Suiza:}{\f0  an expensive, high-class, European-made car. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hispano-Suiza:}{\f0  an expensive, high-class, European-made car. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 histamine:}{\f0  a substance released by the tissues in allergic reactions: it dilates blood vessels, stimulates gastric secretion, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 histamine:}{\f0  a substance released by the tissues in allergic reactions: it dilates blood vessels, stimulates gastric secretion, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul History of Man:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1952. It is a look at the evolutionary background and history of the human race containing a coldblooded and factual account of your last sixty trillion years. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul History of Man, A:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1952. It is a look at the evolutionary background and history of the human race containing a coldblooded and factual account of your last sixty trillion years. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul History of Man, The:}{\f0  a book written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1952. It is a look at the evolutionary background and history of the human race containing a coldblooded and factual account of your last sixty trillion years. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3
}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 histrionic:}{\f0  excessively dramatic or emotional; affected. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hit:}{\f0  a successful stroke, performance or production; success. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hit:}{\f0  a successful stroke, performance or production; success. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hit:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  come on; meet with; get to; reach or find. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hit: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  given severe ethics or justice action (such as being comm eved, removed from post, etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hit-and-miss:}{\f0  haphazard or random. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hit-and-miss:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  of or concerning a situation in which there are equal chances of either success or failure. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hitch your wagon to a star:}{\f0  aim high; follow a great ambition or purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hitherto:}{\f0  until this time. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hitherto:}{\f0  up to this time; until now. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 hitherto: }{\f0 up to this time; until now. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0   Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany fro
m 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 ***Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief tha
t they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is k
nown for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's mil
itary advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 
- 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish
 people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler: }{\f0 
Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting Wor
ld War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (188
9 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the Germ
an people. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for kill
ing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military a
dvances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul World War II}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people.}{\f0\ul 
 See also }{\b\f0\ul Nazi Germany}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief t
hat they would contaminate the German people. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul war}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul World War II}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator o
f Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0 
 Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. In rising to power in Germany, he fortified his position through murder of real or imagined opponents and maintained police-state control over the population. He led Germany into World Wa
r II resulting in its nearly total destruction. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler:}{\f0  Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. In rising to power in Germany, he fortified his position throug
h murder of real or imagined opponents and maintained police-state control over the population. He led Germany into World War II resulting in its nearly total destruction. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler, Adolf:}{\f0 
 (1889 - 1945) dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler, Adolf:}{\f0  (1889 - 1945) 
dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. In rising to power in Germany, he fortified his position through murder of real or imagined opponents and maintained police-state control over the population. He led Germany into World War II resulting in its nearly 
total destruction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler, Adolf:}{\f0  (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish peo
ple in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitlerian:}{\f0 
 of or in the character of Adolf Hitler, dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people.
 \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Hitlerian:}{\f0  relating to or resembling Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germa
ny from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitlerian:}{\f0  relating to or resembling Adolf Hitler. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hitler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hitlerian:}{\f0  relating to or resembling Adolf Hitler. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hitler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hitlerianistic:}{\f0 
 of or in the character of Adolf Hitler, dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people.
 \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hitlerize:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul (Adolf) Hitler}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul -ize}{\f0  act in a specified way. }{\f0\ul Adolf Hitler}{\f0  (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contribu
ted to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitlers:}{\f0 
 people having qualities similar to Adolf Hitler, dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the Germa
n people. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Hitlers:}{\f0  persons 
similar to Adolf Hitler (1889 - 1945), dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945. Hitler's military advances contributed to starting World War II. He is known for killing millions of Jewish people in the belief that they would contaminate the German people. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler Youth:}{\f0  an organization set up by Hitler to win the loyalty of future generations. All German boys and girls had to join it. They marched, exercised, learned Nazi beliefs and worked on farms. The Nazis taught children
 to spy on anyone suspected of opposing Hitler, even their own parents. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hitler}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Nazi}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hitler Youth movements:}{\f0  activities of people whose beliefs are inspired by or reminiscent of the }{\f0\ul Hitler Youth,}{\f0 
 an organization set up by Hitler to win the loyalty of future generations. All German boys and girls had to join it. They marched, exercised, learned Nazi beliefs and worked on farms. The Nazis taught children to spy on anyone suspected of
 opposing Hitler, even their own parents. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hitler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hit or miss:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  by chance; at random. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hit or miss:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  by chance; at random. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hit}{\f0  }{\b\f0 or}{\f0  }{\b\f0 miss:}{\f0  something haphazard or random. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hit-or-miss:}{\f0  something haphazard or random. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hitting on all cylinders:}{\f0  operating properly; running or working perfectly; being in good trim or form. From an automobile engine where all spark plugs are correctly igniting and the automobile is smoothly running. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hittite:}{\f0  any of an ancient people of Asia Minor and Syria (1700 - 700 b.c.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hives: }{\f0 a disease in which the skin itches and shows raised, white welts, caused by a sensitivity to certain foods or a reaction to heat, light, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hiya: }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  a shortened form of }{\f0\ul how are you?}{\f0  used as a word of greeting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hiya: }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  a shortened form of }{\f0\ul how are you?}{\f0  used as a word of greeting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hiya: }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  a shortened form of }{\f0\ul how are you?}{\f0  used as a word of greeting. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hiya:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  a shortened form of }{\f0\ul how are you?}{\f0  used as a word of greeting.}{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hiya: }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  a shortened form of }{\f0\ul how are you?}{\f0  used as a word of greeting. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hiya: }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  a shortened form of }{\f0\ul how are you?}{\f0  used as a word of greeting. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul HO - HOR
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hoax:}{\f0  a trick or fraud, especially one meant as a practical joke. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobbema:}{\f0  Meindert Hobbema (1638 - 1709), Dutch landscape painter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hobbled:}{\f0  tied the feet together to hamper the movement of (a person, horse, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hobbles:}{\f0  awkward or perplexing situations from which extrication (a disentangling or releasing) is difficult. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobbs Barracks:}{\f0  the name of army barracks near East Grinstead at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hobbyhorse:}{\f0 *** a pet idea or project. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hobbyhorse:}{\f0  a pet idea or project. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 hobbyhorse:}{\f0  a pet idea or project. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hobbyhorse:}{\f0  a pet idea or project. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hobbyhorse:}{\f0  a pet idea or project. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hobbyhorse:}{\f0  a pet idea or project. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hobbyhorse:}{\f0  a pet idea or project. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hobbyhorsing: }{\f0 concerning oneself excessively with a favorite notion or activity; variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul ride a hobbyhorse.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hobby, riding a (favorite):}{\f0  being excessively devoted to one's favorite pastime or subject. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hobitats:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hobnailed boots:}{\f0  boots which are provided with large headed nails for protecting the soles. Used figuratively in this lecture.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hobo:}{\f0  a person who wanders about and lives by begging or doing odd jobs; tramp. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hoboken:}{\f0  a seaport in northeastern New Jersey, opposite New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hob, play: }{\f0 cause mischief; make trouble; cause an upset; cause confusion or disruption or havoc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hob, play: }{\f0 cause mischief; make trouble; cause an upset; cause confusion or disruption or havoc.  \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hob, played hob with:}{\f0  did mischief or harm to. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition }{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to me
an a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or any corruption of a word or expression.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote  (ritual c
ry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to mean a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or any co
rruption of a word or expression. Used loosely in the lecture in reference to rephrasing a Security Check to fit a different situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote  (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan an
d Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to mean a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or any corruption
 of a word or expression.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote  (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in In
dia heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to mean a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or to corrupt a word or expression in any way.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to mean a corruption of a 
foreign expression translated into English, or any corruption of a word or expression. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to me
an a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or any corruption of a word or expression.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to me
an a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or any corruption of a word or expression.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to mean a corruption of a foreign expression tran
slated into English, or any corruption of a word or expression. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote  (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who
 were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to mean a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or any corruption of a word or expression. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and call
ed it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to mean a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or to corrupt a word or expression in any way. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobson:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of the Moslem prophet Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to me
an a corruption of a foreign expression translated into English, or to corrupt a word or expression in any way. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobsoned:}{\f0  a term which comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. The word has come to mean a corruption of 
a foreign expression translated into English, or any corruption of a word or expression. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Glossary Part 1}{\f0  Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobsoned:}{\f0  corrupted (a word or expression, or a foreign expression) when translated into English. It comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hobson-Jobsoned:}{\f0  corrupted (a word or expression, or a foreign expression) when translated into English. It comes from \ldblquote O Hasan, O Husain!\rdblquote 
 (ritual cry of mourning for Hasan and Husain, grandsons of Mohammed who were killed in battle). British troops in India heard these words and called it Hobson-Jobson. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hock:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  pawn (give as security, as in exchange for a loan; pledge). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hocus-pocus:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  tricky; deceptive. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hocus-pocus: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  any meaningless action or talk drawing attention away from some deception. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hocus-pocus: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  any meaningless action or talk drawing attention away from some deception. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hocus-pocus:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  any meaningless action or talk drawing attention away from some deception. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hod: }{\f0 a receptacle for carrying or holding coal. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul hodgepodge: }{\f0 any jumbled mixture; mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hodgepodge: }{\f0 any jumbled mixture; mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hog, go the whole:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 go to the limit; do something thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hog, go whole:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 go to the limit; do something thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hog Latin:}{\f0  a humorous variation of pig Latin; a jargon code following one simple rule: each pig Latin word is formed by moving the first letter to the end of the word and adding the letters }{\f0\ul ay}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul Examples:}{\f0 
 dog becomes ogday and catcher becomes atchercay. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hogshead: }{\f0 a large barrel or cask. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hog silly, gone:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul gone hog-wild:}{\f0  acted audaciously and unrestrainedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hogtie:}{\f0  tie the hands and feet of. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hog wallows:}{\f0  places where hogs roll about, such as in the mud, or dust. \emdash }{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 hogwash:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  useless or insincere talk, writing, etc. Originally a term for swill (garbage, table scraps, etc., mixed with liquid) fed to pigs or hogs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hogwash:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  useless or insincere talk, writing, etc. Originally a term for swill (garbage, table scraps, etc., mixed with liquid) fed to pigs or hogs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hog wild, go:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  act wildly enthusiastic or excited. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hohenzollern, Kaiser Wilhelm:}{\f0  William II (1859 - 1941), emperor of Germany from 1888 to 1918. (}{\f0\ul Kaiser}{\f0  is German for \ldblquote emperor.\rdblquote ) Through inept handling o
f his power and authority as emperor, he helped cause the circumstances leading to World War I and thereby the deaths of millions of men on the battlefields. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hoipolloi: }{\f0 a group of carnival-type people who let out concessions for the implant \ldblquote amusement parks\rdblquote  in the Gorilla Implants. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Gorilla Implants}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hold:}{\f0  drink (liquor) without showing its effects. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 hold down:}{\f0  continue to hold and manage well. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hold down:}{\f0  continue to hold and manage well. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 holder:}{\f0  an action phrase which holds preclear at a point on the track. (Stay here, don't leave me, hold on to this, don't let go, keep quiet, take this it'll make you feel better.) \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 holder:}{\f0  an engramic command which makes an individual remain in an engram. Examples are \ldblquote Stay here,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Sit right there and think about it,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Come back and sit down,\rdblquote  \ldblquote 
I can't go,\rdblquote  \ldblquote I mustn't leave,\rdblquote  etc. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 holder:}{\f0 
 any engram command which makes an individual remain in an engram knowingly or unknowingly. These include such things as \ldblquote Stay here,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Sit right there and think about it,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Come back and sit down,
\rdblquote  \ldblquote I can't go,\rdblquote  \ldblquote I mustn't leave,\rdblquote  etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 holder-backer:}{\f0  a coined word for something which holds something back. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 holding:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (football)}{\f0  an illegal use of the hands and arms to seize or obstruct an opposing player. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holding action:}{\f0  a preliminary action taken to arrest a decline or to bring about some positive result on an immediate basis, while more strategic or longer range plans or actions are being carried out. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holding action:}{\f0  a preliminary action taken to arrest a decline or to bring about some positive result on an immediate basis, while more strategic or longer range plans or actions are being carried out. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 holding down:}{\f0  managing well. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 holding forth:}{\f0  talking at great length. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 hold off:}{\f0  keep away or at a distance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holds:}{\f0  action phrases which hold a preclear at a point on the track. (Stay here, don't leave me, hold on to this, don't let go, keep quiet, take this it'll make you feel better.) \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 holds up:}{\f0  stops; delays; impedes. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hold the fort:}{\f0  keep things in operation; remain on duty, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #13, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hold the fort:}{\f0  keep things in operation; remain on duty, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hold up:}{\f0  last; endure; continue. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hold your hat: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hold on!; don't let go! (as said by the driver of a car or other vehicle when he is about to go very fast). \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hold your hat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hold on!; don't let go! (as said by the driver of a car or other vehicle when he is about to go very fast). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hold your hat: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hold on!; don't let go! (as said by the driver of a car or other vehicle when he is about to go very fast). \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hold your hat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hold on!; don't let go! (as said by the driver of a car or other vehicle when he is about to go very fast). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hold your hat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hold on; don't let go. From the phrase }{\f0\ul hold on to you hat,}{\f0  as said by the driver of a car or other vehicle when he is about to go very fast). \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness
}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hold your hat: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hold on; don't let go. From the phrase }{\f0\ul hold on to your hat, }{\f0 as said by the driver of a car or other vehicle when he is about to go very fast. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hold your hat: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hold on; don't let go. From the phrase }{\f0\ul hold on to your hat,}{\f0  as said by the driver of a car or other vehicle when he is about to go very fast. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hold your hats:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hold on!; don't let go! (as said by the driver of a car or other vehicle when he is about to go very fast). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 holk:}{\f0  a hollow or cavity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holland and Holland:}{\f0  a British rifle manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Holland and Holland:}{\f0  a British rifle manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood: }{\f0 a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood: }{\f0 a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a section of Los Angeles, California, once the site of many US film studios. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a section of Los Angeles, California, once the site of many US film studios; hence, the US film industry or its life, world, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a section of Los Angeles, California, once the site of many US film studios; hence, the US film industry or its life, world, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a section of Los Angeles, California, once the site of many US film studios; hence, the US film industry or its life, world, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a section of Los Angeles, California, once the site of many US film studios; hence, the US film industry or its life, world, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a section of Los Angeles, California, once the site of man
y US film studios; hence, the US film industry or its life, world, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Webster's New World Dictionary, Third College Edition }{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0 
 a section of Los Angeles, California, once the site of many US film studios. It was also home to Marilyn Monroe (1926 - 1962). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Monroe, Marilyn }{\f0 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  a section of Los Angeles, California; the center of the United States motion-picture industry; hence, the US film industry or its life, world, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood: }{\f0 district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS/SP Glossary}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood: }{\f0 district of Los Angeles, California, where many motion pictures and television films are made. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood:}{\f0  the American motion-picture industry; taken from }{\f0\ul Hollywood,}{\f0  a section of Los Angeles, California, the center of the United States motion-picture industry. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood and Vine:}{\f0  a major intersection in Hollywood, California. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Hollywood Bowl:}{\f0  a huge open-air theater built in Hollywood, California in 1924. It is famous for its use in orchestral and other musical concerts. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holmes, Sherlock:}{\f0  the best known of all fictional detectives, created by English a
uthor Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859 - 1930). Holmes's extraordinary powers of memory, observation, and deduction enable him to solve mysteries and identify criminals in cases that leave all other detectives baffled. His companion is Dr. Watson, who records
 his exploits.}{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holmes, Sherlock:}{\f0  the best known of all fictional detectives, created by English author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859 - 1930). Holmes's extraordinary powers of memory, observation and deduction enable him to 
solve mysteries and identify criminals in cases that leave all other detectives baffled. His companion is Dr. Watson, who records his exploits. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holmes, Sherlock:}{\f0 
 the best known of all fictional detectives, created by English author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859 - 1930). Holmes's extraordinary powers of memory, observation and deduction enable him to solve mysteries and identify criminals in cases that leave all ot
her detectives baffled. His companion is Dr. Watson, who records his exploits. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 holster:}{\f0  a leather case for a pistol, fixed to a belt or saddle or under an arm. \emdash }{\f0\ul Oxford American Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 holstered:}{\f0  put in a holster (a leather case for a pistol or revolver, fixed to a belt or saddle or under the arm). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holy cats: }{\f0 an interjection showing astonishment, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 holy cats:}{\f0  an interjection showing astonishment, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holy cats:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise, wonder, dismay, admiration, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holy cats:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  an expression of surprise, wonder or confusion. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holy cats:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an interjection showing astonishment, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 holy cats:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an interjection showing astonishment, emphasis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holy cow:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise, wonder, dismay, admiration, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holy God: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation used to express surprise, disbelief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holy Land:}{\f0  the name given to Palestine by the Christians because it was the site of Christ's birth, ministry and death. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holy Roller:}{\f0  a religious denomination that expresses religious emotion by shouting and moving about during services of worship. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holy Rollers:}{\f0  a religious denomination that expresses religious emotion by shouting and moving about during services of worship. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holy Rollers of God Help Us:}{\f0  ***a made-up name for a religious sect. }{\f0\ul Holy Rollers}{\f0  are members of a religious sect that express religious emotion by shouting and moving about during services of worship. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Holy Rollers of God Help Us:}{\f0  a made-up name for a religious sect. }{\f0\ul Holy Rollers}{\f0  are members of a religious sect that express religious emotion by shouting and moving about during services of worship. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holy Roman Empire:}{\f0 
 a major political institution in Europe that lasted from the ninth to the nineteen centuries. It was loosely organized and modeled somewhat on the ancient Roman Empire. It included great amounts of territory in the central and western parts of Europe. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Roman Empire}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holy Roman Empire:}{\f0 
 a major political institution in Europe that lasted from the ninth to the nineteenth centuries. It was loosely organized and modeled somewhat on the ancient Roman Empire and was a revival of the Roman Empire in the West. The campaigns of the first empero
r, Charlemagne, were crusades against pagans for the protection and unity of Christendom and the advancement of Christianity. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Roman Empire}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 holy suffering catfish: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a coined exclamation used to express surprise, wonder or confusion. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Holy, suffering Christ!:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 an exclamation of anger, surprise, astonishment, or consternation.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #12, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 holy suffering Godfrey:}{\f0  an exclamation of surprise, dismay or disgust. }{\f0\ul Godfrey}{\f0  is a euphemism for god. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hombre: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a man or fellow.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hombre: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a man or fellow. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Home: }{\f0 Sir Alexander Frederick Douglas-Home (1903 -  ), Conservative Party Leader in England and prime minister (1963 - 1964). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 home:}{\f0  so as to touch the feelings acutely, appeal to reason. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 home and dry:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  safely or successfully at the end of something (usually arduous). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 home base:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (baseball)}{\f0  the block or slab beside which a player stands to bat the ball, and to which he must return, after getting on base, in order to score. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 homebody:}{\f0  a person mainly concerned with affairs of the home, or one who prefers to stay at home. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 home, drives (something):}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  causes (something) to be fully understood. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 home plate:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (baseball)}{\f0  the block or slab beside which a player stands to bat the ball, and to which he must return in order to score, after succes
sfully running around the three other bases that are laid out in a diamond shape. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Homer:}{\f0  semilegendary Greek poet of circa eighth century b.c.: the }{\f0\ul Iliad}{\f0  and the }{\f0\ul Odyssey}{\f0  are both attributed to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Homer:}{\f0  semilegendary Greek poet of circa eighth century b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 home run:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (baseball)}{\f0  a hit that allows the batter to touch all bases and score a run. }{\f0\ul 
See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 baseball}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 home runs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (baseball)}{\f0 
 plays in which the player who has hit the ball is able to run around to all of the bases and return to the base from which he started (home base). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Home Sweet Home:}{\f0  popular English song which first appeared in the opera }{\f0\ul Clari, the Maid of Milan }{\f0 (1823). The words were by John Howard Payne (an American), and the music by Sir Henry Bishop. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Home Sweet Home\rdblquote :}{\f0  popular English song which first appeared in the opera }{\f0\ul Clari, the Maid of Milan }{\f0 (1823). The words were by John Howard Payne (an American), and the music by Sir Henry Bishop. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 home universe:}{\f0  the universe a thetan made for himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 home universe:}{\f0  the universe a thetan made for himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1, 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Home Universe:}{\f0  the universe a thetan made for himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 home universe:}{\f0  the universe a thetan made for himself. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul thetan}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 home universe:}{\f0  the universe a thetan made for himself. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul thetan}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 home universe:}{\f0  the universe a thetan made for himself. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul thetan}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 homing-in pigeon:}{\f0  a coined phrase combining \ldblquote homing in\rdblquote  and \ldblquote homing pigeon.\rdblquote  \ldblquote Homing in\rdblquote  means directing or being directed as by radar to (a destination or target). A \ldblquote 
homing pigeon\rdblquote  is a pigeon trained to find its way home from distant places. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 homing pigeon:}{\f0  ***a pigeon trained to find its way home from distant places. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 homo: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 homosexual. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 homo: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 homosexual. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Homoiousian:}{\f0  a church party of the 4th century a.d. that maintained that the essence of Jesus the Son is similar to, but not identical with that of God the Father. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Homoiousian:}{\f0  a church party of the 4th century a.d. that maintained that the essence of Jesus the Son is similar to, but not identical with that of God the Father. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)

\par }{\b\f0 Homoiousian:}{\f0  a church party of the 4th century a.d. that maintained that the essence of Jesus the Son is similar to, but not identical with that of God the Father. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo novis:}{\f0  literally, new man, from the Latin }{\f0\ul Homo,}{\f0  man, and }{\f0\ul novus,}{\f0  new. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Homo novis:}{\f0  literally, new man, from the Latin }{\f0\ul Homo,}{\f0  man, and }{\f0\ul novus,}{\f0  new. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo novis:}{\f0  literally, new man, from the Latin }{\f0\ul Homo,}{\f0  man, and }{\f0\ul novus,}{\f0  new. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 homonymic:}{\f0  having the same spelling or sound but with different meanings. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Homoousian:}{\f0  a church party of the 4th century a.d. that maintained that the essence or substance of God the Father and Jesus the Son is the same. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Homoousian:}{\f0  a church party of the 4th century a.d. that maintained that the essence or substance of God the Father and Jesus the Son is the same. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Homoousian:}{\f0  a church party of the 4th century a.d. that maintained that the essence or substance of God the Father and Jesus the Son is the same. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  a human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  ***short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  a human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  a human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  a human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  a human being. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  a human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1, 4, 5, 19, 24, 28, 31, 32 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  modern man; mankind; human beings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Homo sap:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1, 2, 3}{\f0 , 4, 6 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  a human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  mankind; human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  modern man; mankind; a human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  modern man; mankind; a human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2 - 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  modern man; mankind; human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2, 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Homo sapiens: (Latin)}{\f0  modern man; mankind; human being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 honest-to-God:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  genuine; real. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 honest-to-God: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  genuine; real; authentic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 honest-to-God: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  genuine; real; authentic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 6, 12, 22, 25, 28, 31, 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honest-to-God: }{\f0 true; genuine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 honest-to-goodness: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  genuine; real; authentic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honest-to-goodness:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  genuine; real; authentic. A variation of }{\f0\ul honest-to-God}{\f0 .}{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honest-to-goodness: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  genuine; real; authentic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 honest-to-Pete: }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul honest-to-God. See }{\b\f0\ul honest-to-God}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 honest-to-Pete: }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul honest-to-God. See }{\b\f0\ul honest-to-God}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honest to Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul honest to God: }{\f0 truthfully (used to emphasize one's sincerity or truthfulness). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honest to Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul honest to God,}{\f0  really, truly or genuinely; used to emphasize one's sincerity or truthfulness.}{\f0\ul  Pete}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul God.}{\f0  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul honest to Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul honest to God,}{\f0  really, truly or genuinely; used to emphasize one's sincerity or truthfulness.}{\f0\ul  Pete}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul God.}{\f0   \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honest to Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul honest to God,}{\f0  really, truly or genuinely; used to emphasize one's sincerity or truthfulness.}{\f0\ul  Pete}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul God.}{\f0  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honest to Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul honest to God,}{\f0  really, truly or genuinely; used to emphasize one's sincerity or truthfulness.}{\f0\ul  Pete}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul God.}{\f0  \emdash }{
\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 honest to Pete:}{\f0  really, truly or genuinely; variation of \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 honest to Pete:}{\f0  variation of }{\f0\ul honest to goodness }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul honest to God,}{\f0  meaning really, truly or genuinely. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 honey: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a difficult problem or task.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 honey: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a difficult problem or task. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4, 7, 17, 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something remarkably fine. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something remarkably fine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honey: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something remarkably fine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6, 27, 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honeys:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  things of especially high quality, degree of excellence, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honeys:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  things of especially high quality, degree of excellence, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 honeys:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  things of especially high quality, degree of excellence, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 honeys:}{\f0  persons or things that are remarkable, wonderful, superior, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hong Kong:}{\f0  an island located on the south coast of China. It is the home of a world-famous tailoring industry. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Honolulu:}{\f0  capital city and seaport on the southeast coast of Oahu island in the state of Hawaii, United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Honor:}{\f0  a title used in addressing or speaking of a judge, mayor, etc., preceded by }{\f0\ul Your}{\f0  or by }{\f0\ul His}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul Her.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Honor:}{\f0  a title used in addressing or speaking of a judge, mayor, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Hoobla-Goobla:}{\f0  a made-up lyric of a song. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hooble-goobles second differential of the integral zim:}{\f0  a made-up name for a process. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Hood:}{\f0  a 41,000 ton battle-cruiser of the British Navy completed in 1923. In her time she was the largest warship in the world. She was sunk in action by the German battleship }{\f0\ul Bismarck}{\f0  during World War II (
in May 1941) when her magazine exploded after she was hit with a salvo of shells. See also }{\b\f0 Bismarck}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hoods:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  hoodlums; wild lawless persons, often members of a gang of criminals. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hoods: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul hoodlums}{\f0 . Wild, lawless persons, often members of a gang of criminals. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hoodwinked:}{\f0  misled by a trick; deceived. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hoodwinked:}{\f0  misled or confused by trickery; duped. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hook:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (golf) }{\f0 a hit ball that follows a path which curves away to the left of a right-handed player or to the right from a left-handed player. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hook:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (golf) }{\f0 hit a ball in a path that curves away to the left of a right-handed player or to the right from a left-handed player. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hookah:}{\f0  a tobacco pipe of Near Eastern origin with a long, flexible tube by which the smoke is drawn through a jar of water and thus cooled.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hook and ladder company:}{\f0  a unit of firefighters who use a fire engine that carries long ladders, hooks for tearing down ceilings and other equipment. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hooked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  stolen, snatched. }{\f0\ul I'm willing to take responsibility for the fact that some guys have hooked things out of the lineup, and so on.}{\f0   \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hooked it up:}{\f0  got married. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 hooked it up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  got married. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Hooker:}{\f0 
 Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker (1817-1911), English naturalist. Interested chiefly in the origin and development of plants, he made frequent scientific trips to various parts of the world, becoming an authority on facts and problems of plant distribution. He i
nfluenced English naturalist and author Charles Darwin (1809 - 1882) to publish his theories on species development. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hooker:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a concealed problem, flaw or drawback; a catch. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hooker:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a concealed problem, flaw or drawback; a catch. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hooker: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a concealed problem, flaw or drawback; a catch. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hooker:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a concealed problem, flaw or drawback; a catch. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hooker: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a concealed problem, flaw or drawback; a catch. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hooking: }{\f0 addicting to a narcotic drug. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hooking into the rough:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (golf)}{\f0  hitting the ball to his left into a part of the golf course where grass, weeds, etc., grow uncut. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hooklaville:}{\f0  a made-up name for a town. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hook, off the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  released from some difficulty or obligation. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hook one into the woods:}{\f0 *** hit a golfball so that it curves away to the left from a right-handed player (or to the right from a left- handed player) into the woods. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul golf}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hook or crook, by:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  by honest ways or dishonest; in any way necessary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hooks, on (one's) own:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  by (oneself), without help from others. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hook (yourself) up:}{\f0  join or become associated (with). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hoolagaroo:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hooper rating:}{\f0  ***a percentage indication of the number of radios or television sets tuned to a particular program at a particular time (named after Claude E. Hooper, American statistician). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Hooper rating:}{\f0  a percentage indication of the number of radios or television sets tuned to a particular program at a particular time (named after Claude E. Hooper, American statistician). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hoopgala, Dr.:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hoop skirts: }{\f0 a skirt worn over hoops that make the skirt spread out. A fashion of the 18th century. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hoosegow:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a jail. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hoosegow: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a jail or guardhouse. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hoosegow University:}{\f0  a made-up name for a university. }{\f0\ul Hoosegow}{\f0  is slang for a jail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hootch dance:}{\f0  a dance done by a belly dancer, a woman who performs an erotic oriental dance involving abdominal contortions. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hootch dancer:}{\f0  a belly dancer; a woman who performs an erotic oriental dance involving abdominal contortions. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hoover, Herbert:}{\f0  (1874 - 1964) a political leader of the twentieth century who was}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
US president from 1929 to 1933. He had been in office only a few months when the Great Depression (the great slowdown in the American economy from 1929 to the early 1940s) began. In the late 1940s, he was head of a commission to make the federal governmen
t more efficient. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hoover, Herbert:}{\f0  ***political leader of the twentieth century, who was}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 US president from 1929 to 1933. He had been in office only a few months when the Great Depression (the great slowdown 
in the American economy from 1929 to the early 1940s) began. In the late 1940s, he was head of a commission to make the federal government more efficient. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Hoover, J. Edgar:}{\f0  (1895 - 1972) director of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (1924 - 1972), a US government agency established to investigate violations of federal laws and safeguard national security. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hoover, J. Edgar:}{\f0  (1895 - 1972) director of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (1924 - 1972). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul FBI}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hoover, J. Edgar:}{\f0  (1895 - 1972) director of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (1924 - 1972). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul FBI}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hop: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a narcotic drug; especially opium. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hop:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  narcotic drugs, especially opium. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hopalong Cassidy:}{\f0  a cowboy hero in a series of western movies made in the 1930s.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hope, Bob:}{\f0  famous contemporary American comedian, known for his work in movies and on television. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0 from }{\f0\ul People's Almanac }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hophead: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a drug addict. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hophead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a narcotics addict, especially an opium addict. }{\f0\ul Hop}{\f0  is slang for opium. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hopheads:}{\f0  narcotics addicts, especially opium addicts. }{\f0\ul Hop}{\f0  is  slang for opium. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Hopkins, Harry:}{\f0  (1890 - 1946) American public official. He was an intimate friend and close adviser of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul FDR}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hopped-up:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  full of eagerness; excited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hopped-up:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  full of eagerness; excited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hopped up:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  made very exciting; deliberately intensified. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hopper:}{\f0  a container to hold something and feed it to another part. A hopper is usually larger at the top than at the bottom. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hopper:}{\f0  a container to hold something and feed it to another part. A hopper is usually larger at the top than at the bottom. Used figuratively in the lecture.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hopping it up:}{\f0  creating excitement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hoppity-guppitting:}{\f0  a made-up word to express a quick, light forward motion.}{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Horace:}{\f0  Quintus Horatius Flaccus (65 - 8 b.c.), Roman lyric poet and satirist. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Horace:}{\f0  Quintus Horatius Flaccus (65 - 8 b.c.), Roman lyric poet and satirist. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Horatio:}{\f0  the loyal friend and confidant of Hamlet, the main character from the Shakespearian play }{\f0\ul Hamlet.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Shakespeare}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0 
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horizon, sail off into the wide blue: }{\f0 disappear suddenly or unexpectedly, leaving no indication of where one has gone. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Horlicks:}{\f0  a brand of old-fashioned beverage made from wheat flour, malted barley extract and powdered milk. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hormone:}{\f0  a substance formed in some organ of th
e body, as the adrenal glands, pituitary, etc., and carried to another organ or tissue, where it has a specific effect. Certain hormones control growth, sexual activity, etc., and are often prepared synthetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 hormones: }{\f0 substances formed in certain parts of the body that enter the blood stream and influence the activity of some organs. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hormones: }{\f0 substances formed in certain parts of the body that enter the blood stream and influence the activity of some organs. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Horn and Hardart's:}{\f0  a restaurant in New York City; }{\f0\ul Horn and Hardart }{\f0 
is the name of a company which owned and and operated automats, restaurants in which customers get food from small compartments with doors opened by putting coins into slots. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hornblende:}{\f0  a dark-green to black mineral. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hornblende:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul \ldblquote Anamorphic schists are often found most closely blended with hornblende\rdblquote }{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horn, come out at the other end of the:}{\f0  come out fine on the other end of a difficult situation. Coined from }{\f0\ul Cape Horn}{\f0 
, the most southerly tip of the South American continent, known for its contrary winds and heavy seas making travel around it very hard. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Horner:}{\f0  Jack Horner, a person who had his certificates removed in 1960 for out-ethics and being connected to a decertified person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Horner, Jack:}{\f0  a person who had his certificates removed in 1960 for out-ethics and being connected to a decertified person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Horney:}{\f0  a person following the philosophy of Karen Horney (1885 - 1952), a German-born American psychiatrist who founded the American Institute of Psychoanalysis. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Horney:}{\f0  Karen Horney (1885 - 1952), German-born American psychiatrist connected to the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute. She was the founder 
of the American Institute for Psychoanalysis and the author of several books on psychiatry and psychology. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Horney:}{\f0 
 Karen Horney (1885 - 1952), German-born American psychiatrist connected to the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute. She was the founder of the American Institute for Psychoanalysis and the author of several books on psychiatry and psychology. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Horney, Karen:}{\f0  (1885 - 1952) American psychiatrist connected to the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute. Founder of the American Institute for Psychoanalysis. Author of several books on psychiatry and psychoanalysis. Born in Germany. \emdash }{
\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Horney, Karen:}{\f0   (1885 - 1952) German-born American psychiatrist connected to the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute. She was the founder of the American Institute for Psychoanalysis and the author of several books on psychiatry and psychology. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Horney, Karen:}{\f0  (1885 - 1952) German-born American psychiatrist connected to the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute. She was the founder of the American Institute for Psychoanalysis and the author of several books on psychiatry and psychology.  
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horning in: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  joining without being invited; intruding. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 horning in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  joining without being invited; intruding.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 horn-rim:}{\f0  having rims made of horn or plastic colored to look like horn. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horns:}{\f0  devices with blaring sounds for signaling or warning. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 horn-spinned rectacles:}{\f0  a humorous alteration of }{\f0\ul horn-rimmed spectacles.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hors de combat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French) }{\f0 out of combat; put out of action; disabled. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 horse around: }{\f0 fool around; get into mischief.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #15, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 horsed between two horses:}{\f0  a coined phrase meaning caught between one thing and another. From }{\f0\ul horsed,}{\f0  set astride, and }{\f0\ul between two horses}{\f0 
, thus, mounted with one foot in the stirrup of one horse and the other foot in the stirrup of another horse. Used figuratively.}{\f0\ul   \emdash SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horsed between two horses:}{\f0  caught between one thing and another. From }{\f0\ul be horsed:}{\f0  be flogged (from the wooden horse used as a flogging stool). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 horsefeathers:}{\f0  an exclamation of disbelief, rejection, contempt, etc., used especially in the 1920s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Horse Guards:}{\f0  a cavalry brigade of the British Army attached as a special guard to the royal household. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse it around:}{\f0  shove or push (it) around. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 horse-needle: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 of or like a large hypodermic needle used for a horse. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse of a different hue:}{\f0  quite a different matter, question or point. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul a horse of another (}{\f0 or}{\f0\ul  a different) color.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse of a different hue, another:}{\f0  quite a different matter, question or point. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul a horse of another (}{\f0 or}{\f0\ul  a different) color.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse of another color:}{\f0  quite a different matter, question or point. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse of another color:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something of a different nature, matter or point from that under consideration. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 horse of another hue:}{\f0  quite a different matter, question or point. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul a horse of another (}{\f0 or}{\f0\ul  a different) color.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15, 23, 27, 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse of another hue:}{\f0  quite a different matter, question or point. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul a horse of another (}{\f0 or}{\f0\ul  a different) color.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse of another hue, another:}{\f0  quite a different matter, question or point. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul a horse of another (}{\f0 or}{\f0\ul  a different) color.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 horse (one) rides, a: }{\f0 a subject or pastime that (one) has excessive devotion to. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul 
ride a hobby-horse.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 horse (one) rides, a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0 
 a subject or pastime that (one) has excessive devotion to. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul ride a hobbyhorse.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse pistols:}{\f0  large pistols that used to be carried by horsemen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 horsepower:}{\f0  a unit for measuring the power of motors or engines, equal to the force required to raise 550 pounds at the rate of one foot per second. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 horsepower:}{\f0  a unit for measuring the power of motors or engines, equal to the force required to raise 550 pounds at the rate of one foot per second. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horsepower:}{\f0  capacity to achieve or produce; strength or talent. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 horsepower:}{\f0  capacity to achieve or produce; strength or talent. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horsepower:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0 
 capacity to achieve or produce; strength or talent. Horse power is literally a unit for measuring the power of motors or engines, equal to the force required to raise 550 pounds at the rate of one foot per second. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horsepower:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  capacity to achieve or produce; strength or talent. Horsepower is literally a unit for measuring the power of motors or engines, equal to the force requi
red to raise 550 pounds at the rate of one foot per second. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horsepower:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0 
 capacity to achieve or produce; strength or talent. Horsepower is literally a unit for measuring the power of motors or engines, equal to the force required to raise 550 pounds at the rate of one foot per second. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse sense:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  common sense. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 horse sense:}{\f0  common sense. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 horse's head, get away from that:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  don't make a mistake in judgment; don't support a losing cause. A variation of }{\f0\ul back the wrong horse. \emdash State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 horseshoe magnet:}{\f0  a horseshoe-shaped permanent magnet. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horse's manger, out of the:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul from the horse's mouth,}{\f0 
 from the original or a trustworthy source. This expression comes from horse racing. Scientists have stated that the most certain evidence of the age of a horse is by
 examination of its teeth, especially those of the lower jaw. Thus, no matter what an owner may say of the horse's age, by an examination of its lower jaw an experienced person can get his information at first hand, straight from the horse's mouth. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 horse (someone) up:}{\f0  work or haze (someone) cruelly or unfairly. From the nautical term }{\f0\ul horsing up,}{\f0  the action of using a horsing iron to caulk the deck of a wooden vessel. A horsing iron is a broad-bladed, dull-edged 
chisel with a long wooden handle. It is held in position along a deck seam by one man while another man drives it in hard using a heavy wooden mallet to consolidate the oakum between the planks. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 horse syringe: }{\f0 a large hypodermic needle used to inject a fluid into a horse. \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horsetail switch:}{\f0  a piece taken from the long flowing part of a horse's tail that can be swished about. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 horsetail switch:}{\f0  a piece taken from the long flowing part of a horse's tail that can be swished about. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 horsetail switch:}{\f0 *** a piece taken from the long flowing part of a horse's tail that can be swished about. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 horse them up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (from nautical usage)}{\f0  make them the target of unfair or cruel haze and harassment such as with unnecessary tasks. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Horus:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Egyptian religion)}{\f0  the son of the goddess Isis, known 
as the god of day. His name is used humorously in this lecture in allusion to Moses, the great leader, lawgiver and prophet of the ancient Hebrews. According to the Old Testament, Moses was born in Egypt, where the Hebrews were living as slaves. When Mose
s was an infant, the Egyptian ruler, Pharaoh, ordered all the male children of the Hebrews slain. Moses' mother placed him in a small boat made of bulrushes, and hid him in a marsh, where he was found and adopted by Pharaoh's daughter. }{\f0\ul See also }
{\b\f0\ul Isis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 aaaaa}{\b\f0\ul HOS -}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0 H}{\b\f0\dn6 2}{\b\f0 SO}{\b\f0\dn6 4}{\b\f0 :}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (chemistry)}{\f0  the chemical formula for sulfuric acid. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hosiah:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hot:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  extremely exciting or interesting; sensational. (2) charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul hot:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  extremely exciting or interesting; sensational. (2) charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  good; satisfactory. (2) charged with radioactivity; dangerously radioactive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  good; satisfactory. (2) lewd; sexually suggestive. (3) dangerous. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul hot:}{\f0  charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hot: }{\f0 charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 hot: }{\f0 charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive bank}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hot:}{\f0  charged; possessing harmful energy or force accumulated and stored within the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 hot: }{\f0 of, pertaining to or noting radioactivity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  good; satisfactory. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  good; satisfactory; effective. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul hot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  good; satisfactory; effective. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  good; satisfactory; effective. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  good; satisfactory. \emdash }{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 hot air:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  empty, exaggerated, or pretentious talk or writing. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and cold running:}{\f0  operating in all conditions and circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and cold running:}{\f0  operating in all conditions and circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and cold running:}{\f0  operating in all conditions and circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and cold running:}{\f0  operating in all conditions and circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and cold running:}{\f0  operating in all conditions and circumstances. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and cold running:}{\f0  operating in all conditions and circumstances. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and heavy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Informal)}{\f0  in an intense, vehement or passionate manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and heavy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  in an intense, vehement or passionate manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot and heavy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  in an intense, vehement or passionate manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15, 25, 28, 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot as skyrockets:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  very hot indeed. A skyrocket is a firework that explodes high in the air in a shower of colored sparks.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hotbed:}{\f0  place or environment favoring rapid growth or spread, especially of something disliked or unwanted. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 hot bomb, like a:}{\f0   }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very well. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Auditor Administration (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hot Boy Mind Biscuit Company:}{\f0  a made-up name for a company. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hotcakes, selling like:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  being sold rapidly and in large quantities. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hot cakes, went like:}{\f0  were sold rapidly and in large quantities. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hotchkiss:}{\f0 
 Benjamin Berkeley Hotchkiss (1826 - 85), American inventor and ordnance maker. Invented and produced a kind of rapid-firing naval gun. These guns, which were made for one-, three- and six-pound projectiles, were first made for the US Navy and later becam
e part of the standard armament of most of the world's navies. These so-called Hotchkiss guns were later supplanted by other guns of larger caliber. \emdash }{\f0\ul Funk and Wagnalls Encyclopedia.}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89

\par }{\b\f0 Hotchkiss:}{\f0 
 Benjamin Berkeley Hotchkiss (1826 - 1885), American inventor and ordnance maker. He invented a number of improvements in ammunition, rifles, machine guns, naval guns and artillery. His developments of artillery and artillery ammunition expanded to the po
int where, in 1882, he organized the B.B. Hotchkiss Company, armsmakers, with headquarters in the United States and branch factories in England,
 France, Germany, Austria, Russia and Italy, manufacturing ordnance and ammunition of many types. Even after his death, his company continued to produce high-quality guns and ammunition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hotchkiss:}{\f0 
 Benjamin Berkeley Hotchkiss (1826 - 1885), American inventor and ordnance maker. He invented a number of improvements in ammunition, rifles, machine guns, naval guns and artillery. His developments of artillery and artillery ammunition expanded to the po
int where,
 in 1882, he organized the B.B. Hotchkiss Company, armsmakers, with headquarters in the United States and branch factories in England, France, Germany, Austria, Russia and Italy, manufacturing ordnance and ammunition of many types. Even after his death, h
is company continued to produce high-quality guns and ammunition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hotchkiss rapid firing naval guns:}{\f0  a kind of naval gun invented and produced by Benjamin Berkeley Hotchkiss (1826 - 1885), American inventor an
d maker of military weapons. These guns, which were made for one-, three- and six-pound projectiles, were first made for the US Navy and later became part of the standard armament of most of the world's navies. They have since been supplanted by guns of e
ven larger caliber. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hotchpotch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  hodgepodge; jumbled mixture; mess.}{\f0\ul   \emdash SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hotchpotch: }{\b\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  hodgepodge; jumbled mixture; mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hotchpotchs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  hodgepodges; jumbled mixtures; messes.}{\f0\ul   \emdash SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot dope: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 extremely exciting, interesting, sensational or scandalous information, data or news. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 hot dope: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 extremely exciting, interesting, sensational or scandalous information, data or news. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hot dope:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 extremely exciting, interesting, sensational or scandalous information, data or news. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot dope:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 extremely exciting, interesting, sensational or scandalous information, data or news. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hot dope: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 extremely exciting, interesting, sensational or scandalous information, data or news. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot dope:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 extremely exciting, interesting, sensational or scandalous information, data or news. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hot papa suit:}{\f0  a suit made of asbestos or other fireproof material, which protects the wearer from fire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hot papa suit:}{\f0  a suit made of asbestos or other fireproof material, which protects the wearer from fire. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 \ldblquote hot papa\rdblquote  suit:}{\f0  suit worn by a man equipped to rescue the crew of a burning aircraft. \emdash }{
\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hot potato, dropped like a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  divested or gotten rid of very quickly. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot potato, drop (something) like a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  divest or get rid of (something) very quickly. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot rod:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an automobile rebuilt or modified for increased speed and power. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot rod:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an automobile rebuilt or modified for increased speed and power. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot seat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an uncomfortable situation or position; an unpleasant or difficult duty, office or the like. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot seat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an uncomfortable situation or position; an unpleasant or difficult duty, office or the like. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot seat: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an uncomfortable situation or position; an unpleasant or difficult duty, office or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hot seat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an uncomfortable situation or position; an unpleasant or difficult duty, office or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot seat:*** }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an uncomfortable situation or position; an unpleasant or difficult duty, office or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hot spot:}{\f0  a country or region where dangerous or difficult political situations exist or may erupt, especially where a war, revolution or a belligerent attitude toward other countries exists or may develop. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hotspot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  any area or place of known danger, intrigue, dissension (disagreement or, especially, violent quarreling), or instability. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hottentot:}{\f0  a member of a south African and southwest African people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hottentot:}{\f0  a member of a south African and southwest African people having a yellowish, brown or brownish gray skin.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Hottentots:}{\f0  members of a south African and southwest African people having a yellowish, brown or brownish gray skin. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 hottest: }{\b\f0\ul ***(slang)}{\f0  best; most satisfactory. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hottest: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  best; most satisfactory. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hottest: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  best; most satisfactory. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 hottest: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  best; most satisfactory. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hottest: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  best; most satisfactory. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot-water bottle:}{\f0  a container for holding hot water, usually made of rubber. It is used in the treatment of certain ailments, chiefly to relieve pain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hot-water bottle:}{\f0  a container for holding hot water, usually made of rubber. It is used in the treatment of certain ailments, chiefly to relieve pain.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Houdini:}{\f0  Harry Houdini, the stage name of Erik Weiz (1874 - 1926), an American magician famed for his ability to escape from straitjackets, chains, handcuffs and locked chests. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Houdini:}{\f0  Harry Houdini, the stage name of Erik Weiz (1874 - 1926), an American magician famed for his ability to escape from straitjackets, chains, handcuffs and locked chests. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Houdini:}{\f0  reference to Harry Houdini, the stage name of Erik Weiz (1874 - 1926), an American magician famed for his ability to escape from straitjackets, chains, handcuffs and locked chests. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Houdini:}{\f0  reference to Harry Houdini, the stage name of Erik Weiz (1874 - 1926), an American magician famed for his ability to escape from straitjackets, chains, handcuffs and locked chests. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hound:}{\f0  hunt or chase with or as with hounds; chase or follow continually; nag. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hound:}{\f0  hunt or chase with or as with hounds; chase or follow continually; nag. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hound dogs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  fiends; very wicked or cruel persons, who cause mischief or annoyance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 houris:}{\f0  beautiful virgins provided in Paradise for all faithful Muslims. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 houris:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Islam)}{\f0  beautiful virgins provided in paradise for all faithful Moslems. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 House:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul House of Representatives,}{\f0  the lower branch of the United States legislature (the body of persons given the responsibility and power to make laws, which start out as bills, for the country). }{\f0\ul See also }
{\b\f0\ul bill}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 House:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul House of Representatives,}{\f0  which, with the Senate, makes up the United States Congress (the national lawmaking body of the United States, consisting of members from each state). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 House:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul House of Representatives,}{\f0  which, with the Senate, makes up the United States Congress (the national lawmaking body of the United States, consisting of members from each state). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Senate}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 House:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul House of Representatives,}{\f0  which, with the Senate, makes up the United States Congress (the national lawmaking body of the United States, consisting of members from each state). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Senate}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 House:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul House of Representatives,}{\f0  which, with the Senate, makes up the United States Congress (the national lawmaking body of the United States, consisting of members from each state). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Senate}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Household Finance Corporation:}{\f0  a large US finance company (firm that loans money on interest, especially to finance the purchase of goods on credit or installment plans). \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91

\par }{\b\f0 house in order, getting (one's):}{\f0  making sure that (one's) affairs are under control and that there is nothing wrong. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 house in order, getting (one's):}{\f0  making sure that (one's) affairs are under control and that there is nothing wrong. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 house in order, getting (one's):}{\f0  making sure that (one's) affairs are under control and that there is nothing wrong. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 house of cards:}{\f0  any flimsy structure, plan, etc. Derived from a game in which one uses cards to build a house. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul house of cards:}{\f0 
 any flimsy structure, plan, etc. Derived from a game in which one uses playing cards to build a house. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 house of cards:}{\f0  any flimsy structure, plan, etc. From a game in which one uses playing cards to build a house. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 house of cards:}{\f0  any flimsy structure, plan, etc. From a game in which one uses playing cards to build a house. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 house of cards:}{\f0  any flimsy structure, plan, etc. From a game in which one uses playing cards to build a house. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 House of Commons:}{\f0  the lower house of the parliament of Britain. It includes representatives from England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, all elected by the people. The leader of the House of Commons is the Prime Minister of Britain. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 House of Commons:}{\f0  the lower house of the parliament of Britain. It includes representatives from England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, all elected by the people. The leader of the House of Commons is the Prime Minister of Britain. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 House of Representatives:}{\f0  a legislative (having the power to make laws) assembly which, with the Senate, makes up the United States Congress (the national lawmaking body of the United States, consisting of members from each state). }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Senate}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 house organ:}{\f0  a periodical issued by a business or other establishment for its employees, customers and other interested readers, presenting news about the firm, its products and its personnel. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}
{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Houston:}{\f0 *** a city in southeast Texas state, United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Houston:}{\f0  a city in southeast Texas, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Houston, Sam:}{\f0  (1793 - 1863) American general and politician. He led the Texans in their struggle to win independence from Mexico. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Houston, Texas:}{\f0  a city in southeast Texas, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Howard Johnson's:}{\f0  ***an American hotel and restaurant chain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Howard Johnson's:}{\f0  an American hotel and restaurant chain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Howe:}{\f0  Sir William Howe (1729 - 1814), an English army officer who commanded the British at the battle of Bunker Hill in 1775. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Bunker Hill}{\b\f0 , battle of}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3
}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Howerd, Frankie:}{\f0  (1921 -  ) a well-known English comedian who appeared on television and the radio at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Howes:}{\f0  reference to Ron Howes, a squirrel who headed a short-lived squirrel group in the early 1950s. Howes was jailed and the group dispersed soon after it was formed. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 howl: }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something amusing or funny.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 howl:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something fit for ridicule; a cause for laughter; a joke. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 howling: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  great. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 How many mother-in-laws are there on the head of a pin?:}{\f0  a humorous alteration of the old philosophic question (which has no answer), \ldblquote How many angels can dance on the head of a pin?\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 how's tricks: }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  How are you? How are things going for you? \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul How to Paint and Become a Famous Painter:}{\f0  a made-up title for a book. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hoyle, according to:}{\f0  ***according to the rules or authority; correctly. Edmond Hoyle (1672 - 1769) was an English authority and writer on card games. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Hoyle, according to:}{\f0  according to the rules or authority; correctly. Edmond Hoyle (1672 - 1769) was an English authority and writer on card games. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4, 17, 18, 20, 21, 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hoyle, according to:}{\f0  according to the rules or authority; correctly. Edmond Hoyle (1672 - 1769) was an English authority and writer on card games. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hoyle, according to:}{\f0  according to the rules or authority; correctly. Edmond Hoyle (1672 - 1769) was an English authority and writer on card games. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hoyle, according to our:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  according to our rules or authority. Edmond Hoyle (1672 - 1769) was an English writer and expert on card games.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor, a graduate of the Hubbard Professional Auditor Course. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HPA Course}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Professional Auditor Course.}{\f0 
 At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Cla
ss II and Class III Auditors respectively.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Professional Auditor.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0  ***abbreviation for the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course. At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, no
w refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0  abbreviation for the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor Course. At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certi
fication in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0  abbreviation for the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course. At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) 
Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCA}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0  abbreviation for the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course. At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, no
w refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0  abbreviation for the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course. At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, no
w refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HPA:}{\f0 *** abbreviation for the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor Course. At one time this
 was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Class II and Class I
II Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 HPA Course: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Professional Auditor Course.}{\f0  At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Brit
ain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HPA Course:}{\f0  short for the }{\f0\ul Hubbard Professional Auditor Course.}{\f0 
 At the time of this lecture, this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA) Course. HCA and
 HPA, as titles, now refer to Class II and Class III Auditors respectively. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Central Organization}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 HPA/HCA:}{\f0  abbreviations for the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor Course and }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  C}{\f0 ertified}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 
uditor Course. This course (called HPA in Great Britain and HCA, its equivalent, elsewhere) was at one time the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Class I
I and Class III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 HPA/HCA:}{\f0  abbreviations for the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor Course and }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  C}{\f0 ertified}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 
uditor Course. This course (called HPA in Great Britain and HCA, its equivalent, elsewhere) was at one time the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization. HCA and HPA, as titles, now refer to Class II and C
lass III Auditors respectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 HPAs:}{\f0  graduates of the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
uditor Course. At one time this was the course which an auditor did to attain professional certification in a Central Organization in Great Britain. Its equivalent elsewhere was called the Hubbard Certified Auditor Course. HPA, as a title, now refers to C
lass III Auditors. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HCAs}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\b\f0 \emdash }{\b\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HPC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 
ollege, the school in which the Hubbard Professional College Certification Course was taught (an advanced level of auditor training) at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 HQS Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Qualified Auditor Course}{\f0 
 at the time of the lecture. A graduate of this course was expected to have the ability to study Scientology or anything else, run 8-C, run repetitive processes, audit within the framework of the Auditor's Code and be able to tell someone what Scientology
 is all about. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 8-C, repetitive process }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Auditor's Code }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 HSDC:}{\f0  an auditor who has done the }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tandard }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 ianetics }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ourse, the course that taught Dianetic auditing at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Auditor Administration (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HSS: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 enior }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientologist, a graduate of the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 HSST:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 cientist of }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tandard }{\f0\ul T}{\f0 ech, a Class VIII Case Supervisor. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Case Supervisor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 HSST:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Specialist of Standard Tech,}{\f0  a Class VIII Case Supervisor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Huang the Innovator:}{\f0  reference to Chao Kuang-yin, founder of the Chinese Sung Dynasty which lasted from 960 to 1279. He established the civil service system and other governmental systems. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 huba-hubung:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a graduate 
of the Hubbard Apprentice Scientologist Course, a course in elementary communication and control. It consists of training drills on communication and to put the student at cause over the environment. There are no prerequisites. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Association of Scientologists, International:}{\f0 
 the general membership group of Scientology at the time of this lecture. It was open to individuals who used Scientology procedures to improve themselves and others. It has since been replaced a
s a membership group by the International Association of Scientologists (IAS). \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Association of Scientologists International (HASI):}{\f0 
 the general membership group of the church at the time of this book. It was open to individuals who used Scientology procedures to improve themselves and others. It has since been replaced as a membership group by the International Association Of Sciento
logists (IAS). At the time this book was written, the HASI also handled the publication of materials, provided professional training and processing services and additionally functioned as a research and investigation unit. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA):}{\f0 
 a person who has completed a course of auditor training specializing in Scientology theory and application as part of the Phoenix Certification Course in late 1954. Today, an HCA is known as a Class II auditor and the course for it is available in Church
 of Scientology Academies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Certified Auditor (HCA):}{\f0 
 a person who has completed a course of auditor training specializing in Scientology theory and application as part of the Phoenix Certification Course in late 1954.  Today, an HCA is known as a Class II auditor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{
\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office:}{\f0  (Division 1) the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, forwarding of incoming and outgoing communications to t
heir proper destinations and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a separate company which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Sciento
logy organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  was retained as the name of the division. \emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office:*** }{\f0 the division of a Scientology organization (Division 1) which i
s responsible for the hiring of personnel, forwarding of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a separate company which was the worldwide communications ne
twork for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  was retained as the name of this division. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0  ethics}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 justice}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office:}{\f0 
 the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office:}{\f0  the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, routing of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics an
d justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office: }{\f0 
the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, forwarding of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a separate
 company which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  was retained as the name of this division. }{\f0\ul See also}{
\b\f0\ul  ethics}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 justice}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office: }{\f0 
the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, forwarding of incoming and outgoing communications and maintaining ethics and justice among Scientologists on staff and in the area. HCO was originally a separate
 company which was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology. It was incorporated into Scientology organizations as Division 1 in 1965 and the name }{\f0\ul HCO}{\f0  was retained as the name of this division. }{\f0\ul See also}{
\b\f0  ethics}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 justice}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office:}{\f0  the division of a Scientology organization which is responsible for the hiring of personnel, forwarding of incoming and outgoing communications and upholding the ethics codes of the Church among Scientologists
 on staff and in the area. It was originally a separate company that was the worldwide communications network for Dianetics and Scientology and became incorporated into Scientology organizations in 1965. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0  ethics}{\f0 
 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Communications Office Bulletin:}{\f0 
 a technical issue written by L. Ron Hubbard only. An HCOB is valid from first issue unless specifically cancelled. All data for auditing and courses is contained in HCOBs. These outline the product of the
 organization. They are issued in red ink on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Auditor (HDA):}{\f0 
 a person who has completed auditor training specializing in Dianetics theory and application in the Phoenix Certification Course in late 1954. Today, an HDA is a person who completes the Hubbard Dianetics Auditor Course. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Foundation:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation. See also }{\b\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the United States, with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Editor. (compiled as a simple definition for this public from data in the Admin Dictionary.}{\f0  (The Eight Dynamics Glossary) Final approval 10/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the United States, with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the United States; the first one of which was established in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later reincorporated in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the United States; the first one of which was established in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later reincorporated in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0 *** the first organization of Dianetics in the United States; the first one of which was established in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later reincorporated in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the United States, established in Elizabeth, New Jersey in 1950. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the US; established in Elizabeth, New Jersey in 1950. It was later reincorporated in Wichita, Kansas as the }{\f0\ul Hubbard Dianetics Foundation.}{\f0  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation:}{\f0  the first organization of Dianetics in the US; the first one of which was established in Elizabeth, New Jersey and later reincorporated in Wichita, Kansas. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Dianetics Auditor Course:}{\f0  a course which, in the middle and late 1950s trained an auditor in the handling of Dianetics techniques and procedures. Today it is a basic course which trains one to deliver auditing as described in }{
\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health }{\f0 by L. Ron Hubbard. The course is available at all Churches of Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard, Elbert:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul see }{\b\f0\ul Elbert, Uncle }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Foundation:}{\f0  the Hubbard Foundation located in Philadelphia. This was the location in which the Philadelphia Doctorate Course lectures were given. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Guidance Center:}{\f0  (Division 4, Department 12) that department of a Scientology church which delivers auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Guidance Center:}{\f0  the section of a Scientology church which delivers auditing to preclears.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Key to Life Course:}{\f0  a course which teaches someone to become a literate Scientologist who can express himself easily and clearly, both verbally and in writing and can fully understand the communication he receives from others. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Professional Auditor (HPA):}{\f0  the British equivalent to the Hubbard Certified Auditor. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Hubbard Certified Auditor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 
(app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Professional College:}{\f0  a college established by Ron in Phoenix in 1954 for the professional training of auditors. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Solo NOTs Auditing Course: }{\b\f0\ul NOTs}{\f0  stands for }{\f0\ul New Era Dianetics for OTs.}{\f0  This course covers the materials necessary to be able to audit Solo NOTs, New OT VI. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Solo NOTs}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hubbard Standard Dianetics Course:}{\f0  a course available at the time of this lecture which taught about the human mind, mental image pictures, the time track, locks, secondaries and engrams. Its graduates gained the ability to r
estore or bring others to complete health and happiness. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hubbub:}{\f0  tumult; uproar. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hubby:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a husband. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hubby:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  husband. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hub rink organ:}{\f0  a giant Wurlitzer pipe organ located in the Hub skating rink in Chicago. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Wurlitzer}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hudsmith, Phil:}{\f0  an English Scientologist living near Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hudson Bay Company:}{\f0  an English company in the area of Hudson's Bay (a large inland sea in northern Canada) organized by a group of English businessmen in the seventeenth century to obtain furs in North America for the British market. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hudson Bay Post 62:}{\f0  a made-up designation for a post or trading station in the unsettled areas of Canada. The Hudson's Bay Company began in Canada in 1670, operating a fur trade monopoly and settlements 
in the then-unsettled Hudson Bay area and later extending their domain through the remote areas of Canada from Atlantic to Pacific. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Hudson's Bay:}{\f0  having to do with the Hudson Bay area, a large inland sea in northern Canada. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\strike\f0 hue and cry:}{\f0  an excited mass protest, alarm or outcry of any kind. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hula: }{\f0 Hawaiian for }{\f0\ul dance. }{\f0 The hula, originally a ceremonial rite, enacts stories of
 romance, everyday activities and describes island scenery. Dancers sway their hips to the rhythm of the music and always keep the knees bent. Grass skirts were originally worn by the dancers but now loosely draped sarongs (long, brightly colored cloths) 
or skirts made of green plant leaves are worn with strapless bodices and leis (wreaths of flowers) around the necks. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hula skirt:}{\f0  a skirt made of long stems of grass bound to a waistband, worn typically by a Hawaiian hula dancer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hull:}{\f0  the hollow, lowermost portion of a ship, floating partially submerged and supporting the remainder of the ship. Included are the deck, the sides and the bottom of the vessel. Excluded are all masts and rigging. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 humahilatude:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 human body:}{\f0  a carbon-oxygen engine built of complex electronic ridges around the genetic entity which animates it. \emdash }{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008 - Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 humane society: }{\f0 a group of persons organized to protect children or animals from cruelty.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 humanitarian:}{\f0  a person concerned with human welfare and the reduction of suffering. \emdash }{\f0\ul Oxford American Dictionary}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 humanitarian:}{\f0  having concern for or helping to improve the welfare and happiness of people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 humanities:}{\f0  the branches of learning concerned with human thought and relations, as distinguished from the sciences; especially literature, philosophy, history, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 humanities:}{\f0  the branches of learning concerned with human thought and relations, as distinguished from the sciences; especially literature, philosophy, history, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul humanities:}{\f0  the branches of learning concerned with human thought and relations, as distinguished from the sciences; especially literature, philosophy, history, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 humanities:}{\f0  the branches of learning concerned with human thought and relations, as distinguished from the sciences; especially literature, philosophy, history, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 humanities:}{\f0  the branches of learning concerned with human thought and relations, as distinguished from the sciences; especially literature, philosophy, history, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 human mind:}{\f0  the thetan plus the standard memory banks. \emdash }{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008 - Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 human soul:}{\f0  the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008 - Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 human thought:}{\f0  the process of perceiving and storing data, computing conclusions, posing and resolving problems. The purpose of this is survival along all of the dynamics. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 Humber:}{\f0  the brand name of a British car manufactured by Humber Limited, based in Coventry, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 humbleness:}{\f0  the condition or state of having or showing a consciousness of one's defects or shortcomings. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 humble pie, eat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 admit that one is wrong or say that one is sorry for something that one has said or done. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 humble pie, eating: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 admitting that one is wrong or saying that one is sorry for something that one has said or done. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 humbuggery:}{\f0  pretense; sham. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 humbugs: }{\f0 persons who are not what they claim to be; impostors. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 humdrum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  lacking variety; dull; monotonous; boring. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hume:}{\f0  David Hume (1711 - 76), Scottish philosopher and historian. Hume was known for his skepticism. He maintained that all knowledge was based on either the impressions of the senses or the logical relations of ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Hume:}{\f0  David Hume (1711 - 1776), Scottish philosopher and historian. Hume was known for his skepticism. He maintained that all knowledge was based on either the impressions of the senses or the logical relations of ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 4, 13}{\f0 , 24, 27, 30, 33 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hume:}{\f0  David Hume (1711 - 1776), Scottish philosopher and historian. Hume was known for his skepticism. He maintained that all knowledge was based on either the impressions of the senses or the logical relations of ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED
}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hume:}{\f0 *** David Hume (1711 - 1776), Scottish philosopher and historian. Hume was known for his skepticism. He maintained that all knowledge was based on either the impressions of the senses or the logical relations of ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 humility:}{\f0  the condition or quality of being humble; modest opinion or estimate of one's own importance, rank. \emdash }{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 hump:}{\f0  the most difficult, time-consuming or dangerous part or period. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hump, over that:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  over the worst or most difficult part. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hump, over the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  over the worst or most difficult part.   \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hump, over the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  over the worst or most difficult part. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 hump, over the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  over the worst or most difficult part. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 humps:}{\f0  the most difficult, time-consuming or dangerous parts or periods. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Humpty Dumpty: }{\f0 
an egg in an old nursery rhyme, represented by a short, squat person, who fell from a wall and broke into pieces. The entire rhyme is: / \ldblquote 
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, / Humpty Dumpty had a great fall; / All the King's horses and all the King's men / Couldn't put Humpty together again.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Humpty Dumpty:}{\f0  an
 egg in an old nursery rhyme, represented by a short, squat person, who fell from a wall and broke into pieces. The entire rhyme is: / \ldblquote 
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, / Humpty Dumpty had a great fall; / All the King's horses and all the King's men / Couldn't put Humpty together again.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hunahs:}{\f0  a made-up name for a tribe. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hundred-and-eighty-degree:}{\f0  completely opposite. From geometry, where the turn or angle of the circumference (the bounding line) of a circle is measured by a unit called a }{\f0\ul degree. }{\f0 
There are 360 degrees in the circumference of a circle. 180 degrees is half of that. [illo] \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hundredfold:}{\f0  a hundred times as much or as many. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Hundred Years' War:}{\f0  a war between France and England that lasted from the middle of the fourteenth century to the middle of the fifteenth. The kings of England invaded France, trying to claim the throne. Toward the e
nd of the war, Joan of Arc ([c. 1412 - 1431] French military leader) helped rally the French, who finally drove the English out. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung:}{\f0  ***doubtful or undecided; hesitant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hung:}{\f0  doubtful or undecided; hesitant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hung:}{\f0  stuck; blocked; impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung:}{\f0  stuck; blocked; impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung: }{\f0 stuck; blocked; impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung:}{\f0  stuck; blocked; impeded.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung: }{\f0 stuck. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hungarian refugee quotas:}{\f0 
 the number of Hungarian refugees allowed to enter the United States. In October of 1956, Soviet troops crushed a sudden revolt in Hungary, and at the time of the lecture (December 1956) a great many Hungarians were seeking relocation after being displace
d from their home country. After fifty thousand lives had been lost and two hundred thousand refugees had fled to Austria and the US, the revolt was subdued and Hungary was retained as a Soviet satellite. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hungarian refugee quotas:}{\f0 
 the number of Hungarian refugees allowed to enter the United States. In October of 1956, Soviet troops crushed a sudden revolt in Hungary, and at the time of the lecture (December 1956) a great many Hungarians were seeking relocation after being displace
d from their home country. After fifty thousand lives had been lost and two hundred thousand refugees had fled to Austria and the US, the revolt was subdued and Hungary was retained as a Soviet satellite. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0 
 Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Hungarian thing:}{\f0 
 a reference to the revolution that broke out in October 1956 in Budapest, Hungary, when bands of students and workers rebelled against the Communist government. The country was briefly controlled by the rebels until Russian tanks rolled in and crushed th
e revolution. A new Communist government was then set up. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 lingered around; clustered around. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hung fire:}{\f0  delayed firing. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. Used figuratively in the lecture.}{\f0\ul  \emdash 
SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung fire:}{\f0  failed in an expected result. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpu
blished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hung fire:}{\f0  failed in an expected result. After the trigger is pulled, a gun sometimes doesn't go off. This is called a \ldblquote hang-fire\rdblquote  or delayed fire if it then goes off late. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hung-over: }{\f0 of or pertaining to the disagreeable physical aftereffects of drunkenness, such as a headache or stomach disorder, usually felt several hours after cessation of drinking. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hung-over:}{\f0  suffering from a headache and nausea as an aftereffect from drinking much alcohol. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hung up: }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  addicted or committed (to); obsessed (by); \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hung up:}{\f0  stuck; blocked; impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung up:}{\f0  stuck; blocked; impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung up:}{\f0  stuck; blocked; impeded. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 12, 13, 15, 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung up:}{\f0  stuck; blocked; impeded. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung up:}{\f0  suspended in movement or action; stopped. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hung up}{\f0  }{\b\f0 on:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  baffled, frustrated, stymied, etc., by. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung up on:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  baffled, frustrated, stymied, etc., by. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 hung up (on):}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  baffled, frustrated, stymied, etc. (by). \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 hung with:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  fixed with; left in possession of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hung with (something): }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 fixed with (something); left in possession of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hung with (something):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  fixed with (something); left in possession of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hunha Kapunah Unah Unahs:}{\f0  a made-up name for a tribe. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hunk:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a piece; a lump. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hunk:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a large or clumsy piece. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hunky-dory:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  all right; fine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul hunt and peck,}{\f0  a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21, 22, 31, 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul hunt and peck, }{\f0 a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in this lecture. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul hunt and peck, }{\f0 a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in this lecture. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul hunt and peck, }{\f0 a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in this lecture. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hunt and punch: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul hunt and peck,}{\f0 
 to use a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23, 25, 26, 27, 29, 30}{\f0  Approved 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hunt-and-punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0 
 do as in hunt and peck, a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  done as if hunting and pecking, a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  done as if hunting and pecking, a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  done as if hunting and pecking, a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  done as if hunting and pecking, a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 hunt-and-punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  done as if hunting and pecking, a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 hunt and punch:}{\f0  picking out typewriter keys by sight, usually with one or two fingers; not memorizing the keys. A variation of }{\f0\ul hunt and peck}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #7, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hunt-and-punchy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  as if hunting and pecking, a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hunter caps that have a bill...:}{\f0  reference to caps worn by some detectives, such as }{\f0\ul Sherlock Holmes,}{\f0  the bes
t known of all fictional detectives, created by English author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859 - 1930). Holmes's extraordinary powers of memory, observation and deduction enable him to solve mysteries and identify criminals in cases that leave all other dete
ctives baffled. Holmes usually wears a double-bill cap and a long cape, smokes a meerschaum pipe and carries a magnifying glass. His companion is Dr. Watson, who records his exploits. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hunter, Edward:}{\f0  (1902 - 1978) American writer. Among the books he wrote were }{\f0\ul Brainwashing in Red China}{\f0  (1953) and }{\f0\ul Brainwashing}{\f0  (1956). \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hunt horn:}{\f0  a signal horn used in the chase while hunting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 hunting and punching:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul hunting and pecking, }{\f0 
a crude method of typewriting done by searching out each individual letter and striking it with an index finger. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hurdles, over the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  through various tests of endurance and ability. An allusion to a steeplechase, in which a rider takes his horse through a course containing various obstacles to be jumped over. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hurdy-gurdy:}{\f0  an early instrument played by turning a crank so that a wheel striking strings in turn caused music. Used in the lecture in reference to the automatic character of the instrument. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hurdy-gurdy:}{\f0  an early instrument played by turning a crank so that a wheel striking strings in turn caused music. Used figuratively in this lecture in reference to the automatic character of the instrument. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hurdy-gurdy:}{\f0  ***an obsolete musical instrument played by turning a crank so that a wheel striking strings in turn caused music. Used in the lecture in reference to the automatic character of the instrument. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hurdy-gurdy:}{\f0  an obsolete musical instrument played by turning a crank so that a wheel striking strings in turn caused music. Used in the lecture in reference to the automatic character of the instrument. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{
\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote hurdy-gurdy\rdblquote  system: }{\f0 a }{\f0\ul hurdy-gurdy}{\f0  was a musical instrument played by turning a crank so that a wheel striking strings in turn caused music. The }{\f0\ul \ldblquote hurdy-gurdy\rdblquote  system}{\f0 
 was so called because the auditor went round and round the points of the ARC triangle (A-R-C) plus enforced and dominate, inhibit and nullify on persons the pc had known, session after session to restore his memory. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hurgle-gurgle:}{\f0  ***a made-up word for a sound. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hurgle-gurgle:}{\f0  a made-up word for a sound. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hurrah's nest:}{\f0  a confused or disorderly mass; a state of confusion or disorder. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hurrah's nest:}{\f0  state of utmost confusion; a mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Huskie:}{\f0  a thirty-foot sea skiff (a light rowboat, especially one with a small sail) owned by LRH in the late '50s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 husky:}{\f0  a dog of any of several breeds for pulling sleds in the Arctic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hussar:}{\f0  a member of a class of light cavalry troops usually with striking or flamboyant uniforms, in European armies. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hustlers: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  people who obtain money dishonestly. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Huxley, Aldous:}{\f0  (1894 - 1963), an English author of the twentieth century best known for his novel }{\f0\ul Brave New World}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Brave New World}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hwang Po:}{\f0  reference to the Hwang Ho, a river in northern China, about 2,900 miles long. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hwang Pu River:}{\f0  a river of eastern China near Shanghai (major seaport on East China Sea). \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hyacinth:}{\f0  a plant of the lily family, widely cultivated for its cylindrical cluster of fragrant flowers in a variety of colors. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hyacinth:***}{\f0  a plant of the lily family, widely cultivated for its cylindrical cluster of fragrant flowers in a variety of colors. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 Hyde Park:}{\f0  a public park of 364 acres in London. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hyde Park:}{\f0  a public park of 364 acres in the West End district of London. In the park is a speakers' corner, where orators have complete freedom to publicly express their view on political, social and religious questions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hyde Park:}{\f0  a public park of 364 acres in the West End district of London. In the park is a speakers' corner, where orators have complete freedom to publicly express their views on political, social and religious questions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Hyde Park:}{\f0  a public park of 364 acres in the West End district of London. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hydraulic press:}{\f0  a machine permitting a small force applied to a small piston to produce, through fluid pressure, a large force on a large piston. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 hydraulic press:}{\f0  a machine permitting a small force applied to a small piston to produce, through fluid pressure, a large force on a large piston. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91

\par }{\b\f0 hydraulic press:}{\f0  a machine permitting a small force applied to a small piston to produce, through fluid pressure, a large force on a large piston. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hydraulic rams:}{\f0  devices by which the energy of descending water is utilized to raise a part of the water to a height greater than that of the source. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hydrogen bomb: }{\f0 a bomb, more powerful than an atomic bomb, that derives its explosive energy from the thermonuclear fusion reaction of certain forms of hydrogen. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89

\par }{\b\f0 hydrogen bomb:}{\f0  an immensely powerful bomb releasing energy by fusion (uniting of atomic nuclei) of hydrogen nuclei. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hydrogen bomb:}{\f0  an immensely powerful bomb releasing energy by fusion (uniting of atomic nuclei) of hydrogen nuclei. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hydrogen bomb:}{\f0  an immensely powerful bomb releasing energy by the fusion (uniting of the }{\f0\ul nuclei: }{\f0 
central parts of atoms) of hydrogen nuclei. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hydrogen dehydrogize, make:}{\f0  a coined expression in reference to removing or separating out hydrogen (a colorless, odorless, tasteless, gaseous element), which creates an explosion of vast violence. A play on the words }{\f0\ul hydrogen }{
\f0 and }{\f0\ul dehydrogenate}{\f0  (to remove hydrogen from something). \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hydrographic Office:}{\f0  at the time of this lecture, the US government office which practiced }{\f0\ul hydrography,}{\f0  the science of}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
measuring, describing and charting seas, lakes, rivers and other bodies of water, with special reference to their use for navigation and commerce. This name of this office has since been changed to Oceanographic Office. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Hydrographic Office:}{\f0  the US government office, at the time of this lecture, which practiced }{\f0\ul hydrography,}{\f0  the science of}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
measuring, describing and charting seas, lakes, rivers and other bodies of water, with special reference to their use for navigation and commerce. The name of this office has since been changed to Oceanographic Office. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth
}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 hydrophobicated:}{\f0  a made-up word meaning \ldblquote suffered from hydrophobia\rdblquote ; hydrophobia is a symptom of rabies, consisting of an aversion to water or other liquids and difficulty in swallowing them. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hyoscine:}{\f0  same as scopolamine, an alkaloid used in medicine as a sedative, hypnotic and sometimes with other drugs to relieve pain. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hyperagitated:}{\f0  excessively or abnormally agitated. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hyperbolid: }{\b\f0\ul (geometry)}{\f0  an alteration of }{\f0\ul hyperboloid,}{\f0  a three-dimensional geometric solid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypercritical:}{\f0  too critical; hard to please. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 hypercritical: }{\f0 too critical; too severe in judgment; hard to please. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 hyperdynes:}{\f0  a made-up technical word. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 hypertension:}{\f0  abnormally high blood pressure, or a disease of which this is the chief sign. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypertension:}{\f0  abnormally high blood pressure, or a disease of which this is the chief sign. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hypnoanalysis: }{\b\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  the use of hypnosis or hypnotic drugs in combination with psychoanalytic techniques. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hypnosis:}{\f0  a trancelike condition usually induced for the purpose of implanting suggestions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnosis:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnosis reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. Also called }{\f0\ul 
hypnotism.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul hypnotism. See }{\b\f0\ul hypnotism}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul hypnotism, }{\f0 the act of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by enteri
ng the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul hypnotism, }{\f0 
the act of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul hypnotism, }{\f0 the practice of putting a person into a trance for the pu
rpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotics: }{\f0 agents or drugs that produce sleep; sedatives. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the act of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the act of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the act of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV
}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED
}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotism:}{\f0  the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul self-determinism}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotist:}{\f0  a person who practices }{\f0\ul hypnotism,}{\f0 
 the act of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotist:}{\f0  a person who practices the act of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotize: }{\f0 subject to }{\f0\ul hypnotism. See also }{\b\f0\ul hypnotism}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotized: }{\f0 subjected to }{\f0\ul hypnotism:}{\f0 
 the act of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 
(app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotized: }{\f0 subjected to }{\f0\ul hypnotism:}{\f0 
 the practice of putting a person into a trance for the purpose of planting suggestions. Hypnotism reduces self-determinism by entering the commands of another below the awareness level of an individual's mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypnotized bird:}{\f0  a reference to the state of mesmerism some animals go into when confronted by a snake. While it is sometimes believed that snakes hypnotize their prey, the state actually occurs from curiosity or fear, not hypnotism. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypochondria:}{\f0  ***abnormal anxiety over one's health, often with imaginary illnesses and severe melancholy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hypochondria:}{\f0  abnormal anxiety over one's health, often with imaginary illnesses and severe melancholy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypochondria: }{\b\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0  an excessive preoccupation with one's health, usually focused on some particular symptom. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hypochondriac:}{\f0  ***a person having hypochondria. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul hypochondria}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 hypochondriac:}{\f0  a person suffering from }{\f0\ul hypochondria,}{\f0 
 abnormal anxiety over one's health, often with imaginary illnesses and severe melancholy. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hypochondriac:}{\f0  a person who continually shows unnecessary anxiety about his health. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hypochondriac:}{\f0  a person who imagines that he is ill when he is not. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 hypodermicizing:}{\f0  injecting (someone) with a medicine or drug as a treatment. Coined from }{\f0\ul hypodermic,}{\f0  the forcing of a medicine or drug under the skin with a needle, and the suffix }{\f0\ul -ize,}{\f0  to treat with. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypothecate:}{\f0  hypothesize; assume; suppose. \emdash }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary, Third College Edition}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 hypothetical:}{\f0  based on or like a hypothesis (something assumed as the basis for reasoning; theory). \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hypothetically:}{\f0  based on or like a hypothesis (something assumed as the basis for reasoning; theory). \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 hypothyroid:}{\f0  of or relating to a disorder resulting from deficient activity of the thyroid gland, characterized by a retarded rate of metabolism and resulting sluggishness, puffiness, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hysteria:}{\f0  an uncontrollable outburst of emotion or fear, often characterized by irrationality, laughter, weeping, etc.   \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 hysteria:}{\f0  any outbreak of wild, uncontrolled excitement or feeling, such as fits of laughing and crying. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 hysteria:***}{\f0  any outbreak of wild, uncontrolled excitement or feeling, such as fits of laughing and crying. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 hysteria:}{\f0  excessive emotion, such as fear or panic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 hysteria:}{\f0  excessive or uncontrollable emotion, such as fear or panic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hysterias:}{\f0  uncontrollable outbursts of emotion or fear, often characterized by irrationality, laughter, weeping, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 hysterical: }{\b\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0  of or characteristic of }{\f0\ul hysteria,}{\f0  a psychiatric condition variously characterized by emotional excitability, excessive anxiety, sensory and motor disturbances, or the unconsci
ous simulation of organic disorders, such as blindness, deafness, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 hysterical deafness, blindness:}{\f0  the first, \ldblquote hysterical\rdblquote  blindness, means the patient is afraid to see; \ldblquote hysterical\rdblquote  deafness means he is afraid to hear. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 
(app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }{\f0\cf1 
\par }}