{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Narrow;}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvantGarde;}{\f18\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ITC Bookman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Light;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Black;}{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f22\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino;}
{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfChancery;}{\f24\fdecor\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfDingbats;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Marlett;}
{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609040504020204}Lucida Console;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504020204}Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02050604050505020204}Bookman Old Style;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}MS Outlook;}{\f31\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040602050305030304}Book Antiqua;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}
{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0706040902060204}Haettenschweiler;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f37\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho;}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0306030101010103}Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040603050505030304}Calisto MT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0705020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0507020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020202020204}Century Gothic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0806030902050204}Impact;}
{\f44\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010101010101}Lucida Handwriting;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504090204}Lucida Sans;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0504020203020204}News Gothic MT;}
{\f47\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02010509020102010303}OCR A Extended;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f60\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f142\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f205\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f206\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}
{\f208\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f211\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode CE;}{\f212\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Cyr;}
{\f214\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Greek;}{\f215\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Tur;}{\f217\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}
{\f220\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}
{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f228\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f241\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}
{\f265\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f266\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f268\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f269\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f270\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}
{\f307\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f310\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f312\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title I - ING}
{\author Nino Bilic}{\operator Ergon Copeland}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords22831}{\nofchars130139}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws159819}{\vern71}}\margl1080\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale75\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul I - ING
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I\rdblquote : }{\f0 the awareness of awareness center. Organisms are aware of their environment. Higher organisms are aware, also, of this very awareness. The \ldblquote I\rdblquote 
 of the human being may be said to be the center or monitor of this awareness of awareness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I\rdblquote : }{\f0 the awareness of awareness center. Organisms are aware of their environment. Higher organisms are aware, also, of this very awareness. The \ldblquote I\rdblquote 
 of the human being may be said to be the center or monitor of this awareness of awareness.}{\f0\ul  \emdash HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I:}{\f0  the symbol for electric current. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul current}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iatrogenic:}{\f0  means illness generated by doctors. An operation during which the doctor's knife slipped and accidentally harmed the patient might cause an iatrogenic illness or injury since the fault would have been with the surgeons. \emdash }
{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ibis position:}{\f0  a special posture in a system of yoga exercises. An}{\f0\ul  ibis}{\f0  is a large bird with long legs and a long, curved beak.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IBM: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 usiness }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 achines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  International Business Machines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  International Business Machines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IBM:}{\f0  International Business Machines Corporation, a leading US business machine and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 IBM card:}{\f0  a type of paper card that may have information recorded on it by means of punched holes, and which may be read by a computer. IBM refers to International Business Machines Corporation, a US business machine 
and computer manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Ibsen: }{\f0 Henrik Johan Ibsen (1828 - 1906), Norwegian poet and playwright. He was one of the most controversial writers in Europe and jolted European drama into a concern for the problems of contemporary life. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I burn my candle at both ends. Some say it isn't nice...\rdblquote : }{\f0 reference to a poem by Edna St. Vincent Millay entitled }{\f0\ul A Few Figs from Thistles}{\f0 . A part of the poem reads: \ldblquote My candle burns
 at both ends; It will not last the night; But ah, my foes, and, oh, my friends\'d1 It gives a lovely light.\rdblquote   \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I/C:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul in-charge}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 I/C:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul in-charge}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 ICBM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nter}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 ontinental }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 allistic }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 issile.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ice ages:}{\f0  periods in the history of the Earth when large glaciers covered much of the surface of the continents. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 icebox:}{\f0  a refrigerator. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 icebox:}{\f0  a refrigerator. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 icebox:}{\f0  a refrigerator. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 icebox:}{\f0  a refrigerator. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 ice cream cones:}{\f0  cone-shaped crisp shell of pastry holding a scoop of ice cream (a rich, sweet, creamy frozen food made from variously flavored cream and milk products churned or  stirred to
 a smooth consistency during the freezing process). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ice cream sodas:}{\f0  drinks made with soda water (water charged under pressure with carbon dioxide gas), flavoring, such as fruit or other syrups, and ice cream. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ice Cube:}{\f0  a method of transportation of beings to a new area used on the whole track. A being is packed in ice, taken to the new area and is usually dumped in the ocean. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology: A History of Man}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ice Cube:}{\f0  a method of transportation of beings to a new area used on the whole track. A being is packed in ice, taken to the new area and is usually dumped in the ocean. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology: A History of Man}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul whole track}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 iceman:}{\f0  ***a person who sells or delivers ice. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 icepicks:}{\f0  a sharply pointed metal tool, used to chop ice into small pieces or in a transorbital leukotomy: }{\f0\ul 
(psychiatry)}{\f0  an operation which, while the patient is being electrically shocked, thrusts an ordinary dime store ice pick into each eye and reaches up to rip the brain apart. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ichthyology: }{\f0 a branch of zoology dealing with fishes, their structure, classification and life history.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 ICI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 mperial }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 hemical }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ndustries, a major British chemical manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 icky-dicky:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  humorous variation of }{\f0\ul itty-bitty, }{\f0 very small; tiny. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ICS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 orrespondence }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 
chool: a school that gives courses of instruction by mail, sending lessons and examinations to a student periodically, and correcting and grading the returned answers. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 id:}{\b\f0\ul  (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  the division of the psyche (soul) associated with instinctual impulses and demands for immediate satisfaction of primitive needs. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 id: }{\b\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  the division of the psyche (soul) associated with instinctual impulses and demands for immediate satisfaction of primitive needs. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 id:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  the division of the psyche (soul) associated with instinctual impulses and demands for immediate satisfaction of primitive needs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 id:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  the Latin word for \ldblquote it.\rdblquote  In psychoanalysis the id is regarded as the \ldblquote dark, inaccessible part of the personality.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 id:}{\f0  the Latin word for \ldblquote it.\rdblquote  In psychoanalysis, \ldblquote id\rdblquote  is the part of the psyche (soul) which is thought of as being made up of unconscious desires, instincts, drives, etc. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 id:}{\f0  the Latin word for \ldblquote it.\rdblquote  In psychoanalysis, \ldblquote id\rdblquote  is the part of the psyche (soul) which is thought of as being made up of unconscious desires, instincts, drives, etc. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Freudian }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 id:}{\f0  the Latin word for \ldblquote it.\rdblquote  In psychoanalysis, \ldblquote id\rdblquote  is the part of the psyche (soul) which is thought of as being made up of unconscious desires, instincts, drives, etc. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 id:}{\f0  the Latin word for \ldblquote it.\rdblquote  In psychoanalysis the id is regarded as the \ldblquote dark, inaccessible part of the personality.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Dictionary of Psychoanalysis.}{\f0 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 IDB:}{\f0  reference to the IDB, }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 licit }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 iamond }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 uying Act, which limited the trade of diamonds to licensed buyers and imposed severe penalties for thievery.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ID card:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul identification card. }{\f0 A card or document that serves to identify a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 idealistic: }{\f0 based on goals of a noble character. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 ideals:}{\f0  goals or principles, especially those of a noble character. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ideal scene:}{\f0  a statement or concept of how a scene (area or product) ought to be. If one doesn't know the }{\f0\ul ideal}{\f0 
 scene or situation then one is not likely to observe non-ideal points in it. Most errors in observation are made because one has no ideal for the scene or no familiarity with it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 ideal scene:}{\f0 *** a statement or concept of how a scene (area or product) ought to be. If one doesn't know the }{\f0\ul ideal}{\f0 
 scene or situation then one is not likely to observe non-ideal points in it. Most errors in observation are made because one has no ideal for the scene or no familiarity with it. Full data on ideal scenes is contained in }{\f0\ul 
Management Series, Volume One}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 ideal scene:}{\f0  how something ought to be. The entire concept of an ideal scene is a clean statement of its purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 identification: }{\f0 the inability to evaluate differences in time, location, form, composition or importance. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 identification:}{\f0  the inability to evaluate differences in time, location, form, composition or importance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 identification:}{\f0  the inability to evaluate differences in time, location, form, composition or importance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 identification:}{\f0  the inability to evaluate differences in time, location, form, composition or importance. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 identification:}{\f0  the inability to evaluate differences in time, location, form, composition or importance. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 identification:}{\f0  the inability to evaluate differences in time, location, form, composition or importance. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul identification:***}{\f0  the inability to evaluate differences in time, location, form, composition or importance. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul differentiation}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)}
{\f0\ul 
\par }{\b\f0\ul identify:}{\f0  be unable to evaluate differences in time, location, form, composition or importance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 identities:}{\f0  specific persons or things. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ideologies: }{\f0 
systematic schemes of ideas, usually relating to politics or society or to the conduct of a class or group, and regarded as justifying actions, especially those that are held implicitly or adopted as a whole and maintained regardless of the course of even
ts. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ideology: }{\f0 
a systematic scheme of ideas, usually relating to politics or society or to the conduct of a class or group, and regarded as justifying actions, especially one that is held implicitly or adopted as a whole and maintained regardless of the course of events
.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 ideology: }{\f0 the doctrines, opinions or way of thinking of an individual, class, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 ideology:}{\f0  the doctrines, opinions or way of thinking of an individual, class, etc.; specifically, the ideas on which a political, economic or social system is based. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 ideology:}{\f0  the doctrines, opinions or way of thinking of an individual, class, etc.; specifically, the ideas on which a political, economic or social system is based. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 id\'e9e fixe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French)}{\f0  a fixed idea; obsession. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul id\'e9e fixe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French)}{\f0  a fixed idea; obsession.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk to SH and WW Ethics Officers}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 idiom:***}{\f0  a phrase or expression whose meaning cannot be understood from the ordinary meanings of the words. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 idiosyncrasy:}{\f0  a characteristic, habit, mannerism or the like that is peculiar to an individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Idlewild:}{\f0  previous name of the John F. Kennedy International Airport, located in Long Island, New York. It is one of the world's busiest airports. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 idolatry:}{\f0  the worship of idols. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 idols:}{\f0  images or other material objects representing a deity to which religious worship is addressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 \ldblquote I do not like you, Dr. Fell...\rdblquote :}{\f0 
 reference to a verse written by Thomas Brown (1663 - 1704) while a student at a college of Oxford University (one of the world's most prestigious universities). Brown is said to have composed these lines when John Fell (1625 - 1686), th
e dean of the college promised to remit a sentence of expulsion if the youth could make an impromptu translation of a Latin epigram. Translated, the epigram is: \ldblquote 
I don't like you, Sabidus, I can't say why;/But I can say this: I don't like you, Sabidus.\rdblquote /Brown's version was:/\rdblquote 
I do not love thee, Doctor Fell./The reason why I cannot tell;/But this alone I know full well,/I do not love thee, Doctor Fell.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ids:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis) }{\f0 plural of }{\f0\ul id,}{\f0  a term in psychoanalysis meaning \ldblquote 
the dark, inaccessible part of the personality.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul Id}{\f0  is the Latin word for \ldblquote it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 idyllic:}{\f0  pleasing and simple; pastoral (characteristic of rural life, idealized as peaceful, simple and natural) or picturesque. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 i.e.:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin, id est)}{\f0  that is (to say). \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote If\rdblquote :}{\f0  a poem by Rudyard Kipling which includes the following verse: / \ldblquote If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster / And treat those two 
impostors just the same. / If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, / Or walk with Kings\'d1nor lose the common touch. / Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it, / And\'d1which is more\'d1you'll be a Man, my son!\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Kipling}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul \ldblquote If\rdblquote :}{\f0  poem by Rudyard Kipling which includes the following verse: / \ldblquote 
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster / And treat those two impostors just the same. / If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, / Or walk with Kings\'d1nor lose the common touch. / Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it, / And\'d1
which is more\'d1you'll be a Man, my son!\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Kipling}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul \ldblquote If\rdblquote :}{\f0  poem by Rudyard Kipling which includes the following verse: \ldblquote 
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster / And treat those two impostors just the same. / If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, / Or walk with Kings\'d1nor lose the common touch. / Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it, / And\'d1
which is more\'d1you'll be a Man, my son!\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Kipling}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 IFF:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 dentification, }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 riend or }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 oe: an electronic system for recognition of friendly aircraft, ships, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 if'n:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  if. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 if'n:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  if. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Iglutes:}{\f0  made-up name for a tribe. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 ignition:}{\f0  the mechanism providing the spark that ignites the fuel in an internal combustion engine (an engine in which the power is built up inside the cyliners by exploding a mixture of air and fuel). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ignition system:}{\f0  the system that sets fire to a mixture of gases in the cylinders of a gasoline engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ignominiously:}{\f0  in a manner bringing contempt or disgrace, humiliatingly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 igualdad:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Spanish)}{\f0  equality. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I HELP:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul H}{\f0 ubbard }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 cclesiastical }{\f0\ul L}{\f0 eague of }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 
astors, a religious nonprofit corporation that ensures the standard application of L. Ron Hubbard's technology by field auditors and individual ministers in the field all over the world. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 I HELP:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul International Hubbard Ecclesiastical League of Pastors. See }{\b\f0\ul International Hubbard Ecclesiastical League of Pastors}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Ilford:}{\f0  Ilford Photographic Corporation, a British company established in 1879. It manufactures photographic equipment and supplies. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ilk:}{\f0  class; kind; sort. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ill effects:}{\f0  harmful, bad or unfavorable consequences, developments or results. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Illinois:}{\f0  a state in the Midwestern United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 illuminate:}{\f0  enlighten as with knowledge. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 illuminated:}{\f0  enlightened, as with knowledge. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 illumined:}{\f0  decorated (a manuscript, book, etc.) with colors and gold or silver, as was often done in the Middle Ages. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 illusion:}{\f0  any idea, space, energy, object or time concept which one creates himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008 - Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 illusion:}{\f0  any idea, space, energy, object or time concept which one creates himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 illusion:}{\f0  any idea, space, energy, object or time concept which one creates himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 illusion:}{\f0  any idea, space, energy, object or time concept which one creates himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 illusions:}{\f0  false perceptions, conceptions or interpretations of what one sees. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 imbibed:}{\f0  taken into the mind and kept, as ideas, principles, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 imbued:}{\f0  impregnated or inspired, as with feelings, opinions, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 imbued:}{\f0  permeated or pervaded. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 imbued:}{\f0  permeated or pervaded. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Immelmann:}{\f0  an aerodynamic maneuver in which an aircraft changes direction and gains altitude by making a half loop and a half roll. It was developed by Max Immelmann
 (1890 - 1916), German aviator in World War I. He was regarded as founder of the German technique of air combat. [DIAGRAM] \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Immelmann:}{\f0 
 an aerodynamic maneuver in which an aircraft changes direction and gains altitude by making a half loop and a half roll. It was developed by Max Immelmann (1890 - 1916), German aviator in World War I. He was regarded as founder of the German technique of
 air combat. [See diagram] \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 immersed:}{\f0  involved deeply; absorbed. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 immersed:}{\f0  involved deeply; absorbed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 immersionism:}{\f0  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul impressionism}{\f0 
, a style of painting associated mainly with French artists of the late nineteenth century. Impressionist painting attempts to convey the impression gained from the direct observation of nature. Concerned principally with the study of light and its refrac
tions, short brush strokes of bright colors are used in immediate juxtaposition (put side by side or close together) to represent the effect of light on objects. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 immeshed:}{\f0  enmeshed; entangled. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Immigration Office:}{\f0 
 short for Immigration and Naturalization Service, an agency of the US Department of Justice, created in 1891. It is empowered to administer the Federal laws relating to the admission, exclusion and deportation of aliens and to the naturalization (admitti
ng to citizenship) of aliens lawfully residing in the United States. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul aliens}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 imminent:}{\f0  likely to happen without delay; impending; threatening: said of danger, evil, misfortune, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 immobilized:}{\f0  prevented from movement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 immorality:}{\f0  wickedness; wrongdoing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 immortal:}{\f0  not liable or subject to death; undying. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul immortality:}{\f0  condition of not being liable or subject to death; undying. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 immortality:}{\f0  condition of not being liable or subject to death; undying. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 IMO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 anagement }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 rganization, a reorganization of the Flag Bureaux in 1980. A later reorganization changed the name back to the Flag Bureaux. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mi
ssion School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 imp:}{\f0  a small demon. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 impaction:}{\f0  the action of becoming, or condition of being, impacted (pressed closely into or in something) or firmly fixed in. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 impair:}{\f0  make worse, less, weaker, etc.; damage; reduce. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 impala:}{\f0  ***a medium-sized, reddish antelope of central and southern Africa. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 imparting:}{\f0  communicating; telling. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 impasse: }{\f0 a situation offering no escape; a difficulty without a solution or an argument where no agreement is possible. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 impasses:}{\f0  situations offering no escape, as a difficulty without solution, an argument where no agreement is possible, etc.; deadlocks. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 impedance:}{\f0  something that obstructs or hinders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 impeded: }{\f0 stood in the way of; hindered; obstructed. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 impedimenta:}{\f0 *** things which impede or encumber progress; baggage. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 impedimenta:}{\f0  things which impede or encumber progress; baggage. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 impeding:}{\f0  hindering; resisting. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 imperception:}{\f0  lack of perception. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 imperialism:}{\f0  the policy and practice of forming and maintaining an empire in seeking to control raw materials and world markets by the conquest of other countries, the establishment of colonies, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 imperil:}{\f0  put in danger; endanger; jeopardize. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 imperils:}{\f0  puts in danger. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 impersistence:}{\f0  lack of persistence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 impervious:}{\f0  incapable of being injured, damaged or made weak. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 impervium:}{\f0  a made-up name for a material that is unable to be penetrated, coined from the word }{\f0\ul impervious. \emdash SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 impetuous:}{\f0  moving with great force or violence; having great impetus; rushing; furious. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 impinge: }{\f0 make an impression; have an effect or impact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 impinged:}{\f0  driven in. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 impinged:}{\f0  made an impression; had an effect or impact.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 impingement:}{\f0 *** the action of making an impression; having an effect or impact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 impingement: }{\f0 the act of driving in. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 implant: }{\f0 an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0 *** an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 implant:}{\f0  an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 implant: }{\f0 install an enforced command or series of commands in the reactive mind below the awareness level o
f the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul Somebody has man down to a criminal level where he has to implant people to get anything done. See also}{\b\f0\ul  reactive mind}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 implantable:}{\f0  capable of being used to install implants. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul implant}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 implantation:}{\f0  the act of implanting. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul implant}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implanted: }{\f0 fixed firmly in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote \emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 
(app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 implanted:}{\f0  installed as an enforced command or a series of commands in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash 
OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 implanted: }{\f0 installed as an enforced command or series of commands in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote   \emdash }{
\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 implanted:}{\f0  installed as an enforced command or series of commands in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 implanted:}{\f0  installed as an enforced command or series of commands in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive bank}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 implanted:}{\f0  installed in the reactive mind as an enforced command or series of commands below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 implanted:}{\f0  installed in the reactive mind as an implant. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul implant}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 implanted:}{\f0  planted firmly or deeply; embedded. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 implanter:}{\f0  a person who gives implants (enforced commands or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it
\rdblquote ). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implanter:}{\f0  one who administers an implant, an enforced command or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote 
knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 implanters:}{\f0  those who give implants (enforced commands or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.
\rdblquote ) \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 implanters:}{\f0  those who give implants (enforced commands or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.
\rdblquote ) \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 implant GPM:}{\f0  an implanted Goals Problem Mass; an electronic means of overwhelming a thetan with a significance using the mechanics of the actual pattern of living to entrap the thetan and force obedience to behavior patterns.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 implanting:}{\f0  installing as an enforced command or series of commands in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 implanting:}{\f0  installing as an enforced command or series of commands in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote   \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 implanting:}{\f0 *** installing as an enforced command or series of commands in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote   
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 implants:}{\f0  enforced commands or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 implants:}{\f0  enforced commands or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implants:}{\f0  enforced commands or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implants:}{\f0  enforced commands or series of commands installed in the reactive mind below the awareness level of the individual to cause him to react or behave in a prearranged way without his \ldblquote knowing it.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 implant station:}{\f0  a place or installation in which implants were administered. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul implant}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 implication:}{\f0  something implied, indicated indirectly, hinted or suggested. \emdash }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary, Student Edition.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 implicit:}{\f0 *** contained in the nature of something although not readily apparent. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 implicit:***}{\f0  contained in the nature of something although not readily apparent. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 implicit:}{\f0  involved as a necessary part or condition; contained (in).\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 implicit: }{\f0 necessarily or naturally involved though not plainly  apparent or expressed; essentially a part or condition; inherent. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 implicit:}{\f0  without reservation or doubt; unquestioning; absolute. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 implode: }{\f0 collapse a field of energy such as a sphere toward a common center point, making an inflow. It can happen with the same violence as an explosion, but does not necessarily do so. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 imploded:}{\f0  burst inward. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 imponderable:}{\f0 *** anything that cannot be conclusively determined or explained. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 imponderables:}{\f0  things that cannot be conclusively determined or explained. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 import: }{\f0 importance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Student Edition}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 imposed:}{\f0  put. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 imposes:}{\f0  inflicts; lays as a burden. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 imposes:}{\f0  lays on or sets as something to be borne, endured, obeyed, fulfilled, paid, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 imposing:}{\f0  putting on as a duty, burden, penalty, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 imposition: }{\f0 a burden imposed unfairly. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 imposition:}{\f0  act of imposing (setting as something to be endured, obeyed, fulfilled, paid etc) by or as if by authority. A burden imposed unfairly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 impotency:}{\f0  the condition of being incapable of sexual intercourse. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 impregnable:}{\f0  unshakeable; unyielding; firm. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 impregnated: }{\f0 infused or permeated throughout, as with a substance; saturated. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Impressionists:}{\f0 
*** a group of 19th century French painters in Paris who attempted to convey in painting the impression gained from the direct observation of nature. Concerned principally with the study of light and its refractions, they used short brush strokes of brigh
t colors in immediate juxtaposition (put side by side or close together) to represent the effect of light on objects. Their style was a rebellion against the accepted schools of painting of their day, and for an entire generation their work was gen
erally ignored or ridiculed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 improvident:}{\f0  lacking foresight; not looking ahead; not careful in providing for the future; not thrifty. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 impudence:}{\f0  lack of shame or modesty. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 impulse:}{\f0  a surge of electrical current in one direction. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul current}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 impulse:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physiology)}{\f0  a stimulus passed on by a muscle or nerve, which causes or prevents activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 impulse:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physiology)}{\f0  a stimulus passed on by a muscle or nerve, which causes or prevents activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 impunity:}{\f0  exemption from punishment, penalty or harm. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 impunity:}{\f0  exemption from punishment, penalty or harm. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 impunity:}{\f0  freedom or exemption from punishment, penalty or harm. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 in:}{\f0  things which should be there and are or should be done and are, are said to be \ldblquote in,\rdblquote  i.e., \ldblquote His ethics are in.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 in absentia:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  although not present. Literally it means \ldblquote in absence.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul in absentia: (Latin)}{\f0  in absence. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 inaccessible:}{\f0  an inaccessible case; one who is bound and determined to stay sick, who won't talk to you, will have nothing to do with being healed in any way. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990

\par }{\b\f0 inalienable:}{\f0  that may not be taken away or transferred. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inane:}{\f0  lacking sense or meaning; foolish; silly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inane:}{\f0  lacking sense or meaning; foolish; silly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inanimate:}{\f0  not alive or animate; lifeless.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 in bad: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 out of favor, unpopular, in difficulty, in trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 in bad: }{\f0 out of favor, unpopular, in difficulty, in trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 incalculably:}{\f0  greatly; numerously. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 incalculably: }{\f0 in ways too numerous to be counted. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 incandescent: }{\f0 glowing or white with heat. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 incapacitated: }{\f0 unable to act, respond or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 incapacitating:}{\f0  depriving of strength or ability; disabling. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 incarceration:}{\f0  imprisonment; confinement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Incas:}{\f0  members of any of the dominant groups of South American Indian peoples who established an empire in Peru prior to the Spanish conquest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89

\par }{\b\f0 inception:}{\f0  a beginning or originating. \emdash }{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 inception:}{\f0  the act of beginning; start; conception. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 incessant:}{\f0  continuing without interruption; ceaseless; unending. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 incident:}{\f0 
 an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 incident:}{\f0 
 an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)

\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  likely to happen in connection with; incidental }{\f0\ul (to)}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  the recording of an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 incident:}{\f0  the recording of an experience, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that takes place in a short and finite time period such as minutes, hours or days. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{
\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 incidents:}{\f0  experiences, simple or complex, related by the same subject, location, perception or people that take place in short and finite time periods such as minutes, hours or days; also, mental image pictures of such experiences. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 incisified:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul incised,}{\f0  which means cut into or carve. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor, }{\f0 from}{\f0\ul  World Book Dictionary}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 inciting:}{\f0  urging to action; stirring up; rousing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inclination:}{\f0  leaning, slope, slant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inclinations:}{\f0  tendencies. \emdash }{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 incline screw:}{\f0  a simple machine which uses a screw thread mechanism to raise or lower a load. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 in clover:}{\f0  living a life of ease and luxury, as cattle in good pasture. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 incognito: }{\f0 with true identity unrevealed or disguised; under an asssumed name, rank, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 incoherent:}{\f0  without logical or meaningful connection; disjointed; rambling. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 in cold blood:}{\f0  deliberately; ruthlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 income tax:}{\f0  a government tax on a person's income or a corporation's income above a certain amount. \emdash }{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 income tax:}{\f0  a government tax on a person's income or a corporation's income above a certain amount. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Income Tax Bureau:}{\f0  a bureau of the government responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes. It collects most of its revenues through income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 INCOMM, International Network of Computer Organized ManageMent:}{\f0  the organization that manages, operates and maintains a large computer facility, providing management with many different types of computer programs to increase effectiveness. 
\emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 incompetent:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (law)}{\f0  being unable or legally unqualified to perform a specified act or acts or to be held legally responsible for such action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 inconscious:}{\f0  a made-up word for a state or condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inconstant:}{\f0  unsteady in affections or loyalties; fickle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 incontrovertible:}{\f0  not open to question or dispute; indisputable. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 incontrovertible:}{\f0  not open to question or dispute; indisputable. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 incredulity:}{\f0  unwillingness or inability to believe; doubt; skepticism. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inculcate:}{\f0  to impress upon the mind by frequent repetition or persistent urging. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 inculcated:}{\f0  implanted by repeated statement or admonition; taught persistently and earnestly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inculcating:}{\f0  impressing upon the mind by frequent repetition or persistent urging. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 incumbent upon:}{\f0  resting upon as a duty or obligation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 incurs:}{\f0  runs or falls into (something unpleasant or inconvenient); brings on oneself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 incursion:}{\f0  a running, bringing or entering in or into, with vigorous, forceful or determined effort. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 incursions:}{\f0  hostile entrances into or invasions of a place or territory, especially sudden ones; raids. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 indebted:}{\f0  owing gratitude, as for a favor received. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 indentured}{\f0  }{\b\f0 servants:}{\f0  persons who came to America and were placed under contract to work for another over a period of time, usually seven years, especially during the 17th to 19th centuries. Generally, }{\f0\ul 
indentured servants }{\f0 included those who paid for passage to America by a stipulated period of service as an indentured servant, victims of religious or political persecution, persons kidnapped for the purpose, convicts and paupers. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Independence Day:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul Fourth of July. See }{\b\f0\ul Fourth of July}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 index:}{\f0  an ordered reference list of the contents of a file or document, together with the keys or reference notations for identification, or location of those contents. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90

\par }{\b\f0 index:}{\f0  a number used to measure change; percentage. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 index:}{\f0  a pointer or indicator, as the needle on a dial. }{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 index:}{\f0  a thing that points out; indication; sign; representation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 index:}{\f0  a thing that points out; indication; sign; representation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 index:}{\f0  a thing that points out or shows; a sign, token or indication. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 index}{\f0 : something that directs attention to some fact, condition, etc.; a guiding principle. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 index:}{\f0  something that directs attention to some fact, condition, etc.; a guiding principle. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 index error: }{\f0 
the discrepancy between a true and a recorded reading, especially that of a sextant (an instrument which measures the angular distance between objects). The index error is normally given as plus or minus, according to whether the observed reading must be 
increased or decreased. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 indexes:}{\f0  things that point out or show; signs, tokens or indications. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Index Expurgatorius:}{\f0  part of the }{\f0\ul Index, }{\f0 the official list of books that Roman Catholics are not allowed to read. The Index includes both the }{\f0\ul Index Librorum Prohibitorum }{\f0 and the }{\f0\ul Index Expurgatorius.}{
\f0  The former contains a list of such books as are absolutely forbidden to be read by faithful Catholics. The latter cont
ains such books as are forbidden until certain parts are omitted or amended. Last published in 1948, the Index was declared inoperative by Roman Catholic church officials in 1966. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Concise Columbia Encyclopedia}{\f0  and}{\f0\ul  Reader's Encyclopedia}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0 India:}{\f0  a country in south Asia. In August and September 1965, India and neighboring Pakistan were at war with each other over Kashmir, a territory situated between the two countries which both claimed jurisdiction over. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clas
sification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 India:}{\f0  a country in South Asia of which the main religions are Hinduism, Muslim, Christianity and Sikhism. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Indian:}{\f0  of India. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Indian clubs:}{\f0  metal or wooden clubs shaped like large bottles, swung singly or in pairs for exercising the arms. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Indian hemp:}{\f0  an American plant with a tough bark formerly used in ropemaking by the Indians and as a medicinal root. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Indian Ocean Summer:}{\f0  one of the deepest depths possible to which a cargo ship may be loaded and its hull immersed in water. }{\f0\ul Summer }{\f0 
is the name of the Plimsoll mark on the side of a ship indicating a legally allowed depth (one of the deepest). It is called }{\f0\ul Indian Ocean Summer}{\f0 
 as laws regulating how much cargo a ship can carry have been known to not be well enforced in the Indian Ocean and thus Plimsoll marks have been falsified in order to carry more cargo and make more money. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Plimsoll mark }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Indian rope trick:}{\f0  a magic trick in which the magician makes a rope seem to suspend in mid-air and either goes up the rope and disappears or sends other things up which disappear. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Indian rope trick:}{\f0  a magic trick in which the magician makes a rope seem to suspend in mid-air and either goes up the rope and disappears or sends other things up which disappear. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Indian rope trick:}{\f0  a magic trick in which the magician makes a rope seem to suspend in mid-air and either goes up the rope and disappears or sends other things up which disappear. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91

\par }{\b\f0 Indians:}{\f0  members of any of the peoples living in America when Europeans first came there. Also called }{\f0\ul American Indian.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Indian Swamp Root Oil:}{\f0  made-up name for a particular brand of \ldblquote snake oil,\rdblquote  a liquid concoction of questionable medical value sold as an all-purpose curative. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Indian wrestling:}{\f0  a form of wrestling in which two opponents clasp each other's right or left hand and, placing the corresponding feet side by side, attempt to unbalance each other. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 India paper:}{\f0  a thin, tough paper, used chiefly for Bibles, prayer books, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 indicator 60:}{\f0  a made-up term referring to an indicator. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 indicators:}{\f0  conditions or circumstances arising during an action which indicate whether the action is running well or badly. A bad condition not getting any better or not lessening, or the person having losses would be }{\f0\ul 
bad indicators. }{\f0 A bad condition getting better or becoming less present would be a }{\f0\ul good indicator. Good indicators }{\f0 also include such things as fast progress, person happy, having wins, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}
{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 indigent: }{\f0 lacking food, clothing and other necessities of life because of poverty; needy; poor; impoverished. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 indigent:}{\f0  lacking food, clothing and the other necessities of life because of poverty; needy; poor. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 indigent:}{\f0  people who lack food, clothing and the other necessities of life because of poverty; people who are needy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 indigestible:}{\f0  unbearable; unendurable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Indios: }{\b\f0\ul (Spanish)}{\f0  Indians. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 indiscriminate:}{\f0  not recognizing the differences between; not making careful choices or distinctions. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 individuality:}{\f0  the sum of the characteristics or qualities that set one person or thing apart from others; individual character. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 individuality:}{\f0  the sum of the characteristics or qualities that set one person or thing apart from others; individual character. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Individual Track Map:}{\f0  a map of the principal incidents on the time track assembled in 1952 for use with the auditing procedures Technique 80 and Technique 88. For further information see the book }{\f0\ul Individual Track Map}{\f0 
 by L. Ron Hubbard. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Technique 80}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Technique 88}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 individuate:}{\f0  become withdrawn from groups and into only self. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 individuation:}{\f0 
 (1) formation into an individual; development as a separate organic (living) unit. (2) a withdrawal out of groups and into only self. The mechanics of individuation are first, communication into, and then refusal to communicate into. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 individuation: }{\f0 a withdrawal out of groups and into only self. The mechanics of individuation are, first, communication into and, then, refusal to communicate into. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul individuation: }{\f0 a withdrawal out of groups and into only self. The mechanics of individuation are, first, communication into and, then, refusal to communicate into. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 individuation: }{\f0 a withdrawal out of groups and into only self. The mechanics of individuation are, first, communication into and, then, refusal to communicate into. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 individuation: }{\f0 a withdrawal out of groups and into only self. The mechanics of individuation are first, communication into, and then refusal to communicate into. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Indoc: }{\b\f0\ul See Upper Indoctrination}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 indoctrinated:}{\f0  instructed in a doctrine, principle, ideology, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 indoctrinated: }{\f0 instructed; taught. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 indoctrination course:}{\f0  a course, at the time of this lecture, which gave a student a good unshakeable grasp on the procedures of aud
iting (i.e., the auditor's attitude and the various actual mechanics of putting a preclear in a chair and auditing him). \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 indolence:}{\f0  the quality or state of disliking or avoiding work; idleness; laziness. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 indomitable:}{\f0  not easily discouraged, defeated or subdued; unyielding; unconquerable.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Indonesia:}{\f0  a republic and archipelago (a group of many islands) in southeast Asia comprising over 13,000 islands between the Pacific and Indian Oceans. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Indonesians:}{\f0  natives of }{\f0\ul Indonesia:}{\f0 
 a republic and archipelago (a group of many islands) in southeast Asia comprising over 13,000 islands between the Pacific and Indian Oceans. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 indubitably:}{\f0  in such a way that cannot be doubted; unquestionably. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 induced:}{\f0  reasoned in such a way as to produce general laws through known facts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 induction:}{\f0  reasoning from particular facts or individual cases to a general conclusion; as opposed to }{\f0\ul deduction}{\f0  which is reasoning from a known principle to an unknown, from a general to a specific. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 inductive:}{\f0  of or relating to induction, a way of reasoning using known facts to produce general laws. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inductive:}{\f0  of or relating to induction, a way of reasoning using known facts to produce general laws. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inductive:}{\f0  of or using }{\f0\ul induction,}{\f0  logical reasoning that a general law exists because particular cases that seem to be examples of it exist. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)

\par }{\b\f0 inductive logic:}{\f0  reasoning using specific instances to predict general principles. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0 
 You need 30 minutes to get ready for work each day; your ride leaves at 8:30 a.m., therefore you need to get up at 8:00 a.m. in order to get to work on time. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inductive reasoning:}{\f0  logic using specific instances to predict general principles. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0 
 You need 30 minutes to get ready for work each day; your ride leaves at 8:30 a.m., therefore you need to get up at 8:00 a.m. in order to get to work on time. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 indulge:***}{\f0  practice a forbidden or questionable act without restraint. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 indulgence:}{\f0  the act of giving in to; letting oneself have, use or do. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 industry:}{\f0  energetic, devoted activity at any work or task; diligence. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 inept:}{\f0  awkward or clumsy; incompetent. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inept: }{\f0 lacking skill or aptitude for a particular task or assignment; awkward; clumsy.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 ineptness:}{\f0  a state of being unskilled for a particular task. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ineptness: }{\f0 lack of skill or aptitude for a particular task or assignment; awkwardness; clumsiness. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 inertia:}{\f0  ***a fixed condition without change; disinclination to move or act. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 inertia:}{\f0  a tendency to remain in a fixed condition without change; disinclination to move or act. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inertia:}{\f0  momentum.}{\f0\ul  \emdash Editor,}{\f0  defined from context as no other definition fit this usage. (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 inertia:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physics)}{\f0  the tendency of matter to remain at rest if at rest, or, if moving, to keep moving in the same direction, unless affected by some outside force. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inertia:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physics)}{\f0  the tendency of matter to stay at rest, or to keep on moving in the same direction, unless acted on by an outside force. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul inertia, law of:}{\f0  the first of the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton. These laws are intended to describe how all moving 
bodies on the Earth react: (1) a body at rest remains at rest and a body in motion remains in motion unless acted on by an external force; (2) the motion of a body changes in proportion to the size of the force applied to it; (3) every action produces an 
equal but opposite reaction. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Newton}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inertly:}{\f0  without power to move or act. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inestimable:}{\f0  too large or too great to be estimated or appreciated. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 inevitable:}{\f0  not to be avoided; sure to happen; certain to come. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inexorable:}{\f0  unyielding; unalterable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inexplicably:}{\f0  in a manner that cannot be explained, understood or accounted for. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul in extremis:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin) }{\f0 in extremety; in very great difficulties. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul in extremis: (Latin)}{\f0  in extremity; in very great difficulties. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul in extremis: (Latin)}{\f0  in extremity; in very great difficulties. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul in extremis:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  in extremity; in very great difficulties. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul in extremis: (Latin)}{\f0  in extremity; in very great difficulties. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 inextricable:}{\f0  hopelessly intricate, involved or perplexing. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inextricable:}{\f0 *** incapable of being disentangled or untied. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 inextricably:}{\f0  in a way incapable of being disentangled, undone, loosed or solved. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 infallible:}{\f0  absolutely trustworthy or sure; certain. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 infame:}{\f0  very bad reputation; notoriety; disgrace; dishonor. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 infamous:}{\f0  having a very bad reputation; notorious. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 infamy:}{\f0  very bad reputation; disgrace or dishonor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 infanticide:}{\f0  the practice of killing newborn infants. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul infanticide:}{\f0  the practice of killing newborn infants. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Infantry, 137th:}{\f0 
 a regiment of the United States Army organized in Kansas in 1879 as the Kansas Volunteer Militia. It evolved into the Kansas National Guard and was renamed 137th Infantry in October 1917. During World War I, this regiment fought in a number of regions of
 France and during World War II in France and central Europe. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 infantry: }{\f0 
soldiers or military units that fight on foot, in modern times typically with rifles, machine guns, grenades, etc., as weapons. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 infantry company:}{\f0 
 military unit that fights on foot, in modern times typically with rifles, machine guns, grenades, etc., as weapons. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 infantrymen:}{\f0  a group of soldiers trained and equipped to fight chiefly on foot. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 infatuation:}{\f0  the condition of being inspired with foolish or shallow love or affection. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 infects:}{\f0  spreads feelings, ideas, etc., of a good or bad kind to (others). \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 infer:}{\f0  lead to as a conclusion; imply. }{\f0\ul When some of old made it seem that to practice virtue required a grim and dismal sort of life, they tended to infer that all pleasure came from being 
wicked: nothing could be further from the facts.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inferiority complex:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychology) }{\f0 a strong and persistent feeling of inferiority; great lack of self-confidence. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inferiority complex:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul ***(psychology) }{\f0 a strong and persistent feeling of inferiority; great lack of self-confidence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Infernal Ravening:}{\f0  a humorous alteration of }{\f0\ul Internal Revenue,}{\f0  a division of the US Department of
 the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. (Also
 see the words }{\f0\ul infernal}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul ravening}{\f0  in a dictionary.)  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 infernal regions:}{\f0  areas of hell or the ancient mythological world of the dead. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inferous: }{\f0 an adjective coined from the word }{\f0\ul infer, }{\f0 to describe something as hinting, implying or suggestive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 inferred:}{\f0 *** hinted; implied; suggested. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 infidelity:}{\f0  unfaithfulness or disloyalty to another; especially, sexual unfaithfulness of a husband or wife; adultery. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 infiltrusions, capacitate without rectifying them on the:}{\f0  a humorously made-up electrical phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul infinity: }{\f0 an indefinitely large number or amount. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 infinity: }{\f0 anything infinite; endless or unlimited space, time, distance, quantity, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul infinity: }{\f0 anything infinite; endless or unlimited space, time, distance, quantity, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 infinity:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (mathematics)}{\f0  infinite distance or an infinitely distant part of space. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 infirm: }{\f0 feeble or weak in body and in health, especially because of age; ailing. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 infirmities:}{\f0  physical weaknesses or ailments. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 infirmity:}{\f0  physical weakness or ailment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inflation:}{\f0  an increase in the amount of money and credit in relation to the supply of goods and services, resulting in an increase in the general price level. An }{\f0\ul inflation }{\f0 
exists where there is more money in circulation than there are goods.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 inflation:}{\f0  an increase in the amount of money and credit in relation to the supply of goods and services, resulting in an increase in the general price level. An }{\f0\ul inflation }{\f0 
exists where there is more money in circulation than there are goods. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inflation:}{\f0  an increase in the amount of money and credit in relation to the supply of goods and services, resulting in an increase in the general price level. An }{\f0\ul inflation }{\f0 exists 
where there is more money in circulation than there are goods. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 inflation:}{\f0  an increase in the amount of money and credit in relation to the supply of goods and services, resulting in an increase in the general price level. An }{\f0\ul inflation }{\f0 
exists where there is more money in circulation than there are goods.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inflation:}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0  an increase in the amount of money and credit in relation to the supply of goods and services, resulting in an increase in the general price level. An }{\f0\ul inflation }{\f0 
exists where there is more money in circulation than there are goods. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 inflow:***}{\f0  cause (something) to proceed inward toward oneself; receive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul 
\par }{\b\f0\ul inflow: }{\f0 the act of flowing in or something that flows in, such as a received communication, money, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Machinery of the Mind Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 info packets:}{\f0  short for }{\b\f0\ul information packet, }{\f0 a packet (envelope) containing several pieces of promotion for org material or services. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 in for it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  about to suffer trouble, attack, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 in for it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  about to suffer trouble, attack, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Informer, The:}{\f0  1935 movie based on the 1925 novel by Liam O'Flaherty (1896 - 1984, Irish author). It takes place during the Irish Rebellion from Great Britain in 1922. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul Informer, The:}{\f0  a 1935 movie based on the 1925 novel by Liam O'Flaherty (1896 - 1984, Irish author). It takes place during the Irish Rebellion from Great Britain in 1922.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Informer, The:}{\f0  a 1935 movie based on the 1925 novel by Liam O'Flaherty (1896 - 1984, Irish author). It takes place during the Irish Rebellion from Great Britain in 1922.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 infra:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul infrared,}{\f0  rays of light that are just beyond red in the color spectrum. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 infrared:}{\f0  designating or of those invisible rays just beyond the red of the visible spectrum. Their waves are longer than those of the spectrum colors and they can go deep inside an object to produce heat. Used in cooking, photography, etc. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 infused: }{\f0 filled (with a quality, feeling, etc.); imbued; inspired. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 ingenuity:}{\f0  the quality of being cleverly inventive or resourceful; inventiveness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ingenuity:  }{\f0 the quality of being cleverly inventive or resourceful; inventiveness. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 Ingersoll:}{\f0  Robert Green Ingersoll (1833 - 1899), American lawyer and writer. He was well known as an orator, lecturer, and religious controversialist, being best known for his attacks on the Bible. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ingress:}{\f0  the act of entering. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ingress:}{\f0  the act of going in or entering. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ingression:}{\f0  the action of going in or entering; entrance; invasion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 
(app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ingression:}{\f0  the act of going in or entering. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\f0\ul      They used to say, \ldblquote I do not like you, Dr. Fell. The reason why, I cannot tell.\rdblquote  \'d1Why People Don't Like You (2 Jan. 60)}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul INH - 
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 in hand:}{\f0  under control. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul inherent: }{\f0 existing in something as a natural or permanent characteristic or quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inherent: }{\f0 existing in something as a natural or permanent characteristic or quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 inherently:}{\f0  in itself or oneself; by its or one's nature. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inhibited:}{\f0  held back or kept from some action, feeling, etc.; checked or repressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Inhibit Scale:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul CDEI Scale.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul CDEI Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inimitable:}{\f0  that cannot be imitated or matched; too good to be equaled or copied. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 initiate:}{\f0 *** a person who has been admitted into some society, office or position; one who is instructed in some secret knowledge. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 initiated:}{\f0  brought into practice or use; introduced; started. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 initiates:***}{\f0  those admitted into some society, office or position; those instructed in some secret knowledge. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul 
\par }{\b\f0\ul initiative:}{\f0  the characteristic of originating new ideas or methods; ability to think and act without being urged; enterprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 injectors:}{\f0  contrivances (mechanical devices) for injecting (forcing or driving [something] into some passage, cavity or chamber). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 injunction:}{\f0  command; order; admonition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 injunctions:}{\f0  commands; orders. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 injunctions: }{\b\f0\ul (Law)}{\f0  judicial processes or orders requiring the person or persons to whom it is directed to do a particular act or to refrain from doing a particular act. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 injunctions:}{\f0  orders or commands that something must or must not be done. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Injuns:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US colloquial) }{\f0 Indians (inhabitants of North America and South America before the arrival of white settlers from Europe). \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inkblots: }{\f0 any of a group of irregular patterns made by blots of ink and used in psychological testing. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 in kind:}{\f0  in proper or good condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inkling:}{\f0  hint; slight knowledge or suspicion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inkling:}{\f0  hint; slight knowledge or suspicion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inkling:}{\f0  hint; slight knowledge or suspicion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ink-stone:}{\f0  a green crystalline compound used in dyeing, the making of ink, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inkstone:}{\f0  a stone containing iron sulphate used in making ink. When lampblack (a fine soot) is mixed with gum on the inkstone, iron sulphate is imparted into the mixture. The more iron sulphate contained in the ink the less it fades. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Inland Revenue:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  the department of the government dealing with the collection of taxes on domestic goods and incomes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Inland Revenue:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  the department of the government dealing with the collection of taxes on domestic goods and incomes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Inland Revenue:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  the department of the government dealing with the collection of taxes on domestic goods and incomes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Inland Revenue:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  the department of the government dealing with the collection of taxes on domestic goods and incomes. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Inland Revenue:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0 
 the department of the government dealing with the collection of taxes on domestic goods and incomes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 in lieu of:}{\f0  in place of; instead of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inmates:}{\f0  persons kept in a prison, hospital, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 innate:}{\f0  existing naturally rather than acquired; that seems to have been in one from birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 inner sanctum:}{\f0  an inviolably private place or retreat. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 inning:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (baseball) }{\f0 a division of a game, during which each team has an opportunity to score until three outs have been made against it.  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul outs }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 innocuous:}{\f0  not controversial or offensive; dull and uninspiring. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 innocuous:}{\f0  that does not injure or harm; harmless. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 innovation:}{\f0 *** the action of bringing in (something new) the first time; the introduction of novelties; the alteration of what is established by the introduction of new elements or forms. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0 
 (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 innuendoes:}{\f0  indirect remarks, gestures or references usually implying something derogatory. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul innumerable:}{\f0  too many to count; very many; countless. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 innumerable:***}{\f0  too many to count; very many; countless. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 inorganic:}{\f0  designating or composed of matter that is not animal or vegetable; designating or of any chemical compound not classified as organic: most inorganic compounds do not contain carbon and are derived from mineral sources. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inorganic:}{\f0  not containing organic matter. Chemical compounds without hydrocarbons (hydrogen and carbon) are usually inorganic. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 inositol:}{\f0  a vitamin found in high concentrations in the human brain, stomach, kidney, spleen and liver; related to control of cholesterol level; reported to have mild inhibitory effect on cancer. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inpost:}{\f0  a humorously coined word from }{\f0\ul outpost}{\f0  with no particular meaning in this lecture. }{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 in power:}{\f0  in authority; in office. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 input:}{\f0  the power or energy supplied to a machine or other system.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Inquisition:}{\f0  a court appointed by the Roman Catholic Church about 1221 - 31 to discover and suppress heresy (religious beliefs that the Church considered to be false) and to punish heretics (those who practiced heresy). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Inquisition:}{\f0  a court appointed by the Roman Catholic church about 1221 - 1231 to discover and suppress heresy (religious beliefs that the church considered to be false) and to punish heretics (those who practiced heresy). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Inquisition:}{\f0  a court appointed by the Roman Catholic Church about 1221 - 1231 to discover and suppress heresy (religious beliefs that the Church considered to be false) and to punish heretics (those who practiced heresy). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Inquisition:}{\f0  a court appointed by the Roman Catholic church about 1221 - 1231 to discover and suppress heresy (religious beliefs that the church considered to be false) and to punish heretics (those who practiced heresy). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Inquisition:}{\f0  a court appointed by the Roman Catholic Church about 1221 - 1231 to discover and suppress heresy (religious beliefs that the church considered to be false) and to punish heretics (those who practiced heresy). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Inquisition of Spain:}{\f0 
 a court established by the Roman Catholic Church in the thirteenth century to try cases of heresy and other offenses against the church. Persons convicted could be handed over to the civil authorities for punishment, including execution. It was most acti
ve in Spain, especially under Tom\'e1s de Torquemada; its officials sometimes gained confessions through torture. It did not cease operation in the Spanish Empire until the nineteenth century. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Torquemada}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 in re:}{\f0  in regard to. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inroads, making: }{\f0 beginning to have an effect upon something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 insane asylum:}{\f0  an institution for the support and care of the insane (mentally deranged; crazy). \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 insane asylum:}{\f0  an institution for the support and care of the insane (mentally deranged; crazy). \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 insane asylum:}{\f0  an institution for the support and care of the insane (mentally deranged; crazy). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 insane asylum:}{\f0  an institution for the support and care of the insane (mentally deranged; crazy). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 insane asylum:}{\f0  an institution for the support and care of the insane (mentally deranged; crazy). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 insane asylum:}{\f0  a place for the care of the mentally ill. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 insane asylum:}{\f0  institution for the support and care of the insane (mentally deranged; crazy). \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 insane asylum:}{\f0  institution for the support and care of the insane (mentally deranged; crazy). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul insane asylums:}{\f0  institutions for the support and care of the insane (mentally deranged; crazy). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inscan: }{\f0 a step of Lock Scanning wherein the auditor has the preclear scan his feeling of things coming into him from the environment, the environment putting in things to him. It addresses the ene
rgy manifestations that were in the incident as they flowed in toward the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 insentient:}{\f0  not sentient; without sensation or feeling; inanimate. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 in-session:}{\f0  in the condition necessary for successful auditing, defined as \ldblquote interested in own case and willing to talk to the auditor.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 in-session:}{\f0  the condition necessary for successful auditing, defined as preclear \ldblquote interested in own case and willing to talk to the auditor.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89

\par }{\b\f0 in session:}{\f0  the condition necessary for successful auditing, defined as preclear \ldblquote willing to talk to the auditor and  is interested in his own case.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 in-sessionness:}{\f0  the act or fact of the preclear being \ldblquote interested in own case and willing to talk to the auditor,\rdblquote  a condition necessary for successful auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Insh'allah: }{\b\f0\ul (Arabic) If it should please God,}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul If God will.}{\f0  It is a very common expression among Moslems, indicating a dependence on divine will. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Insh'allah:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul ***(Arabic)}{\f0  }{\f0\ul If it should please God,}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul If God will.}{\f0 
 It is a very common expression among Moslems, indicating a dependence on divine will. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 inshallah:}{\f0  if Allah (God) wills it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 insidious:}{\f0  operating in a slow or not easily apparent manner; more dangerous than seems evident. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 insidious:}{\f0  operating or proceeding in an inconspicuous or seemingly harmless way but actually with grave effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 insidious:}{\f0  spreading or developing or acting inconspicuously but with harmful effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 insidious:}{\f0  treacherous in a sly, tricky way. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 insidiously:}{\f0  in a slow or not easily apparent manner; in a manner more dangerous than seems evident. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul insidiously:}{\f0  in a slow or not easily apparent manner; in a manner more dangerous than seems evident. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 insouciance:}{\f0  lack of care or concern; indifference. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 insouciant:}{\f0  indifferent; calm and untroubled; free from concern.   \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 inspection:***}{\f0  careful examination. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 inspection arms:}{\f0  a position in military drill in which the missile chamber of a weapon is open for inspection. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inspection arms:}{\f0  a position in military drill in which the missile chamber of a weapon is open for inspection. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Inspector General Network:}{\f0  the network within Religious Technology Center that has the purpose to police in and get held the correct form of the organization internationall
y, insist that proper command channels exist and are used and police them in as a necessity to oversee correct use of Dianetics and Scientology trademarks and service marks (thus preventing outside interference from damaging their value). \emdash }{
\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Inspector General Network:***}{\f0  the network within Religious Technology Center that has the purpose to police in and get held the correct form of the organization internationally, insist that proper command channels exist and are u
sed and police them in as a necessity to oversee correct use of Dianetics and Scientology trademarks and service marks (thus preventing outside interference from damaging their value). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Religious Technology Center (RTC)}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 inspiration: }{\f0 a sudden brilliant idea. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 in spite of:}{\f0  despite; in disregard of. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 in spite of:}{\f0  regardless of. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 installments:}{\f0  portions of something furnished or issued in parts at successive times. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 instanter:}{\f0  immediately; at once. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 instigating:}{\f0  urging, provoking or inciting to some action or course. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 instilled:}{\f0  pervaded or inspired (with opinions, feelings, habits, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 instinct:}{\f0  an inborn impulse or tendency to perform certain acts or behave in certain ways. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 institutional cases:}{\f0  people who have been committed to a public or private institution for the insane. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor, }{\f0 from }{\f0\ul Technical Dictionary.}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 institutionalized:}{\f0  committed to a public or private institution for the insane. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 institutions:}{\f0  established laws, customs or practices. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 institutions:}{\f0  places of confinement, as mental asylums. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Instructor:}{\f0  a post title previously used interchangeably with }{\f0\ul Supervisor. See }{\b\f0\ul Supervisor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Instructor:}{\f0  a post title previously used interchangeably with }{\f0\ul Supervisor. See }{\b\f0\ul Supervisor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Instructor:***}{\f0  a post title previously used interchangeably with }{\f0\ul Supervisor. See }{\b\f0\ul Supervisor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Instructor:}{\f0  a post title used interchangeably with }{\f0\ul Course Supervisor}{\f0 
 at the time of this lecture. A Course Supervisor, or Supervisor for short, is the person in charge of a course and its students whose job it is to ensure that his students duplicate, understand and apply the materials of the course being studied. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Instructor's Code:}{\f0  the set of principles, or rules, for the conduct of an Instructor. Now known as the }{\f0\ul Supervisor's Code.}{\f0  This code is given in the book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Instructor's Code:***}{\f0  the set of principles, or rules, for the conduct of an Instructor. Now known as the }{\f0\ul Supervisor's Code.}{\f0  This code is given in the book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard.}
{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Supervisor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 insubordination: }{\f0 resistance to or defiance of authority; refusal to obey orders; disobedience. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 insularity:}{\f0  state or condition of being like an island; detachment; isolation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 insulated:}{\f0  in an isolated condition or situation; segregated. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 insulator: }{\f0 a material that prevents or reduces the passage, transfer or leakage of heat, electricity or sound. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-12}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 insulin:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul insulin shock, }{\f0 a state of coma re
sulting from reduced blood sugar when insulin (a substance which helps the body use sugar and other carbohydrates) is present in excessive amounts. Insulin shock is used by psychiatrists as one form of shock therapy in \ldblquote treating\rdblquote 
 mental illness. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 insulin shock:}{\f0  a state of coma resulting from reduced blood sugar when insulin (a substance which helps the body use sugar and other carbohydrates) is present in excessive amounts. Insulin shock is used by psychiatrists as one form of shock 
therapy in \ldblquote treating\rdblquote  mental illness. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 insurgent: }{\f0 a person who rises in revolt; rebel.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Int:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul interiorization: }{\f0 the action of going in; a thetan becoming interiorized in a body. An analogy would be stepping through a doorway into a room or getting into an automobile. To correct a preclear's }{\f0\ul Int}{
\f0  would be to correct the preclear's ability to be further audited after he has gone exterior. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 intact:}{\f0  not changed or diminished. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 integral:}{\f0  necessary for completeness; essential. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0 
 Final approval 31.10.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul integral:}{\f0  necessary for completeness; essential. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary
}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 integral calculus:}{\f0  }{\b\f0\ul (mathematics)}{\f0  a type of calculus in which the whole of something is calculated from all the parts it is made up of. For example, with integral calculus one could measure the dist
ance that a moving object has covered from the sum of its small individual motions. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 calculus}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 integrating:}{\f0  putting or bringing (parts) together into a whole; unifying. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 integration:}{\f0 *** the making up or composition of a whole by adding together or combining the separate parts or elements; combination into an integral whole made up of component parts which together constitute a unity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 integration:}{\f0  the organization of various traits, feelings, attitudes, etc., into one harmonious personality. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 integrity:}{\f0  adherence to moral and ethical principles; soundness of moral character; honesty. It comes from the Latin word }{\f0\ul integritas,}{\f0  meaning untouched, undivided, whole. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 
(app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul integrity:}{\f0  adherence to moral and ethical principles; soundness of moral character; honesty. It comes from the Latin word }{\f0\ul integritas,}{\f0  meaning untouched, undivided, whole. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 integrity:}{\f0  honesty or sincerity; uprightness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 intelligence: }{\f0 of or pertaining to the gathering, distribution and evaluation of information, especially secret information about an enemy or potential enemy. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 intelligence: }{\f0 of or pertaining to the gathering, distribution and evaluation of information, especially secret information about an enemy or potential enemy. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Intelligence:}{\f0  referring to the Bureau of Naval Intelligence. where L. Ron Hubbard had previously worked when in the service. }{\f0\ul Intelligence}{\f0 
 has to do with the gathering, distribution and evaluation of information, especially secret information about an enemy or potential enemy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 intelligence:}{\f0  the ability to perceive, pose and resolve problems. Intelligence and the urge to survive (the dynamic) are bot
h necessary to continued. The quantity of each varies from individual to individual and group to group. The dynamics are inhibited by engrams which block their flow of theta, or life force, and disperse it. Intelligence is also inhibited by engrams, which
 enter false or improperly graded data into the analytical mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Intelligence, Office of Naval:}{\f0  Bureau of Naval Intelligence, where L. Ron Hubbard had previously worked when in the service. }{\f0\ul Intelligence}{\f0  has to do 
with the gathering, distribution and evaluation of information, especially secret information about an enemy or potential enemy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 intelligence officer:}{\f0  a military officer responsible for collecting and processing data on hostile forces, weather and terrain. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 intelligence quotient:}{\f0  a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning so
mething new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 intelligentsia:}{\f0  the people regarded as, or regarding themselves as, the educated and enlightened class; intellectuals collectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 intensive: }{\f0 any one single period of twelve and a half hours or twenty-five hours of auditing delivered all within one single week or weekends on a set schedule. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 intensive:}{\f0  any one single period of twelve and a half hours or twenty-five hours of auditing delivered all within one single week or weekends on a set schedule. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 intensive: }{\f0 any one single period of twelve and a half hours or twenty-five hours of auditing delivered all within one single week or weekends on a set schedule. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 intensive:}{\f0  any one single period of twelve and a half hours or twenty-five hours of auditing delivered all within one single week or weekends on a set schedule. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 intensive:}{\f0  a specific number of hours of auditing given to a preclear over a short period of time, as a series of successive sessions at regularly scheduled intervals. }{\b\f0\ul See also preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 intensive:}{\f0  a specific number of hours of auditing given to a preclear over a short period of time, as a series of successive sessions at regularly scheduled intervals. }{\b\f0\ul See also preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 intensive:}{\f0  a specific number of hours of auditing given to a preclear over a short period of time, as a series of successive sessions at regularly scheduled intervals. }{\b\f0\ul See also preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Intensive Procedure:}{\f0  standard operating procedure of 1954, being a sequence of steps to be taken by an auditor for the resolut
ion of all cases. The goal of Intensive Procedure is to bring about a complete tolerance and comfort on the part of the preclear for the physical universe, his exteriorization and general rehabilitation. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 intention:}{\f0  something that one wishes to do. It is an impulse toward something, an idea that one is going to accomplish something. It is intentional, which means one }{\f0\ul means}{\f0  to do it. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 intention:}{\f0  something that one wishes to do. It is an impulse toward something, an idea that one is going to accomplish something. It is intentional, which means one }{\f0\ul means}{\f0  to do it. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interchange:}{\f0  a giving and taking; exchanging. \emdash }{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 intercontinental ballistic missile:}{\f0  a missile that is propelled to a high speed and may be guided for a part of its flight, but is a free-falling object as it approaches its target. It is able to travel from one continent to another. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 interdependent: }{\f0 dependent on each other. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 interesante:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Spanish)}{\f0  interesting. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interest:}{\f0  of or having to do with a sum paid or charged for the use of money or for borrowing money. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 interested party:}{\f0  a person, plaintiff or defendant, called before a Committee of Evidence for whom penalties may be recommended or decisions awarded by the Committee. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 interference:}{\f0  static, unwanted signals, etc., producing a distortion of sounds or images and preventing good reception. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Webster's New World Dictionary, Third College Edition }
{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Intergalactic Empire:}{\f0  a made-up name for an empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Intergalactic Empire:}{\f0  a made-up name for an empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 interim: }{\f0 an interval of time between one event, process or period, and another. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 interim:*** }{\f0 occurring in an interval of time between one event, process or period and another. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 interim: }{\f0 occurring in an interval of time between one event, process or period and another. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 interiorization: }{\f0 the action of going in; a thetan becoming interiorized in a body. An analogy would be stepping through a doorway into a room or getting into an automobile. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 
(app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 interiorization:}{\f0  the action of going into something too fixedly and becoming part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Interiorization Rundown: }{\f0 a remedy designed to permit the pc to be further audited after he has gone exterior. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Interiorization Rundown: }{\f0 a remedy designed to permit the pc to be further audited after he has gone exterior. 
\emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Interiorization Rundown:}{\f0  a remedy designed to permit the pc to be further audited after he has gone exterior. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interiorize:}{\f0  go into something too fixedly and become part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 interiorize:}{\f0  opposite of exteriorize. In this context, }{\f0\ul interiorize}{\f0  means to be in valence while running incidents; be in the valence he was in when the engram occurred and get a view of the scene as he saw it at the time. }{
\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  exteriorization}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 valence }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 interiorized:}{\f0  having gone into something too fixedly and become part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interiorized:}{\f0  having gone into something too fixedly and become part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 interiorized:}{\f0  having gone into something too fixedly and become part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-12}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interiorized:}{\f0  in a condition of having gone into something and become a part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interiorized:}{\f0 *** in a condition of having gone into something and become a part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 interiorized:}{\f0  in a condition of having gone into something and become a part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 interiorized:}{\f0  went into something too fixedly, and became part of it too fixedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 interlard:}{\f0  diversify by mixing in or interjecting something unique, striking or contrasting. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 interlard:}{\f0 *** diversify by mixing in or interjecting something unique, striking or contrasting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 interlock:}{\f0  the condition of being interwoven or interlaced with something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 interloping:}{\f0  intruding into some region or field of trade without a proper license. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Lanaguage}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 intermediate:}{\f0  being, situated or acting between two points. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 interminably: }{\f0 without, or apparently without, end; endlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Ravening:}{\f0  a humorous alteration of }{\f0\ul Internal Revenue,}{\f0  a division of the US Departme
nt of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0  a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It
 collects most of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0 
 a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individ
ual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0  a division of the US Department of the
 Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax.  \emdash 
}{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0  a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collect
s most of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0 
 a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individ
ual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Internal Revenue:}{\f0  a division of the US Department of the T
reasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0  a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of i
ts revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0 
 a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individ
ual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0  a division of the US Department of the Treasury, est
ablished in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue:}{\f0  a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects mos
t of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 internal revenue: }{\f0 the revenue of a government from any domestic source, including income and excise taxes. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Internal Revenue Bureau:}{\f0  former name of the }{\f0\ul Internal Revenue Service, }{\f0 the division of the US Department of the Treasury that collects internal revenue, including income taxes, and that enforces revenue laws. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 International Board:}{\b\f0\ul *** }{\f0 the board that controlled Scientology in the mid 1960s. The functions performed by this board are now handled by Church of Scientology International. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 International City:}{\f0 
 ***a project conceived by LRH having to do with world peace. All of the capitals of the world would be located in one city so as to not be likely to bomb each other out. They would be close enough to discuss most of their problems
 with no great difficulties of interchange. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 International City:}{\f0 
 a project conceived by LRH having to do with world peace. All of the capitals of the world would be located in one city so as to not be likely to bomb each other out. They would be close enough to discuss most of their problems with no great difficulties
 of interchange. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 international code: }{\f0 a system of communicating at sea using differently colored flags and pendants. T
he code was first used in 1817 and was based on Captain F. Marryat's fifteen-flag system. It has been revised and augmented numerous times since, but has now largely given way to radio communication. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 International Harvester:}{\f0  a tractor manufactured by International Harvester, one of the largest manufacturing concerns in the world, best known for farm implements. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 International Harvester:}{\f0  a tractor manufactured by International Harvester, one of the largest manufacturing concerns in the world, best known for farm implements. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 International Harvesters:}{\f0  tractors manufactured by International Harvester, one of the largest manufacturing concerns in the world, best known for farm implements. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 International Hubbard Ecclesiastical League of Pastors (I HELP):***}{\f0  a religious nonprofit corporation. It ensures the standard application of L. Ron Hubbard's technology by field auditors a
nd individual ministers in the field all over the world. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul field auditors}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 International Justice Chief:}{\f0  the Scientology executive responsible for the standard application of Scientology justice policies in all areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 International Justice Chief:}{\f0  the Scientology executive responsible for the standard application of Scientology justice policies in all areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 International Justice Chief:}{\f0  the Scientology executive responsible for the standard application of Scientology justice policies in all areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 International Justice Chief:***}{\f0  the Scientology executive responsible for the standard application of Scientology justice policies in all areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 International Morse:}{\f0 
 an international system of signaling in which letters, numbers, punctuation and other signs are expressed by dots, dashes and spaces, long and short sounds, or flashes of light. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 International Semaphore:}{\f0 
 an international system of signaling which indicates the letters of the alphabet by the positions in which flags are held by the transmitter. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 International Tel and Tel:}{\f0  International Telephone and Telegraph (ITT), a huge international company headquartered in the US which deals with communications services. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90

\par }{\b\f0 intern course:}{\f0  an internship, which is a period served as an intern after the completion of a theory course. It is how a course graduate becomes a professional in the subject of the theory course he has just completed. The word }{\f0\ul 
intern }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul interne }{\f0 means \ldblquote an advanced graduate or a recent graduate in a professional field who is getting practical experience under the supervision of an experienced worker.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 intern course:}{\f0  an internship, which is a period served as an intern after the completion of a theory course. It is how a course graduate becomes a professional in the subject of the theory course he has just completed. The word }{\f0\ul 
intern }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul interne }{\f0 means \ldblquote an advanced graduate or a recent graduate in a professional field who is getting practical experience under the supervision of an experienced worker.\rdblquote  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 interns:}{\f0  advanced graduates or recent graduates in a professional
 field who are getting practical experience under the supervision of an experienced worker. A course graduate becomes a professional in the subject of the theory course he has just completed by interning. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{
\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 internship: }{\f0 a period served as an intern after the completion of a theory course. It is how a course graduate becomes a professional in the subject of the theory course he has just completed. The word }{\f0\ul intern }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul 
interne }{\f0 means \ldblquote an advanced graduate or a recent graduate in a professional field who is getting practical experience under the supervision of an experienced worker.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 internship:*** }{\f0 a period served as an intern after the completion of a theory course. It is how a course graduate becomes a professional in the subject of the theory course he has just completed. The word }{\f0\ul intern }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul 
interne }{\f0 means \ldblquote an advanced graduate or a recent graduate in a professional field who is getting practical experience under the supervision of an experienced worker.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 interpersonal:}{\f0  between persons. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Interpol:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Inter}{\f0 national Criminal }{\f0\ul Pol}{\f0 
ice Organization; a private, quasi-police organization that is not subject to direction, review or authority of any government. Located in Lyon, France, it has over 150 member countries (with Interpol offices within the governments of each member country)
. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Interpol:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Inter}{\f0 national Criminal }{\f0\ul Pol}{\f0 
ice Organization; a private, quasi-police organization that is not subject to direction, review or authority of any government. Located in Lyon, France, it has over 150 member countries (with Interpol offices within the governments of each member country)
. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interpolation:}{\f0  the act or process of introducing (something additional or extraneous) between other things or parts; interjection; interposition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interpolations:}{\f0  insertions of statements, remarks, etc. between or among others. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 interpose:}{\f0  be or come between. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 interpose:}{\f0  place or put between; insert. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 interposes:}{\f0  puts in as an interruption. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 intersperse: }{\f0 to diversify with something placed or scattered at intervals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 interspersed:}{\f0  scattered among other things; put here and there or at intervals. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Interstate Commerce:}{\f0  short for the }{\f0\ul Interstate Commerce Commission,}{\f0  a Federal commission created in 1887 to regulate commerce among the States. It has eleven members, appointed by the President.}{\f0\ul  \emdash NED}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Interstate Commerce:}{\f0  short for the Interstate Commerce Commission. A Federal commission created in 1887 to regulate commerce among the States. It has eleven members, appointed by the President. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 intervene:}{\f0  come between as an influencing force, as in order to modify, settle or hinder some action, argument, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Int - Ext Correction List:}{\f0  HCOB 29 Oct. 71RA, INT RUNDOWN CORRECTION LIST, REVISED. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 in that:}{\f0 *** since; because. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 in the face of: }{\f0 when confronted with. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 in the name of common sense:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression used to show surprise or annoyance in questions, requests, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 in the name of common sense:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a phrase used to express surprise or annoyance in questions, requests, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 in the name of God:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an expression of surprise or annoyance in questions, requests, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 intimately: }{\f0 fundamentally; essentially. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 intimation:}{\f0  hint; indirect suggestion. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 intimidated:}{\f0  made timid or afraid. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 into session:}{\f0  into the condition of being }{\f0\ul in-session,}{\f0  which is  defined as willing to talk to the auditor and interested in his own case. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 into the teeth of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 so as to face or confront; straight into or against. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 in toto: }{\f0 as a whole; in its entirety; totally; altogether. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 intricacies:}{\f0 *** elaborate details; involved matters, proceedings, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 intricacies:}{\f0  elaborate details; involved matters, proceedings, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 intricate:}{\f0  hard to follow or understand because complicated and full of details. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 intriguing:}{\f0  exciting interest or curiosity; fascinating. \emdash }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 introduction of an \ldblquote arbitrary\rdblquote :}{\f0 
 an arbitrary may be considered as a factor introduced into a problem's solution when that factor does not derive from a known natural law but only from an opinion or authoritarian command. A problem resolved by data derived from known natural laws resolv
es well and smoothly and has a useful solu
tion. When a problem is resolved by introducing arbitraries (factors based on opinion or command but not natural law) then that solution, when used, will ordinarily require more arbitraries to make the solution applicable. The harder one tries to apply th
e solution corrupted by arbitraries to any situation, the more arbitraries have to be introduced. Thus in government, laws passed which contain arbitraries create new problems which cannot be solved without more new arbitraries and thus, rapidly, a top he
avy and unworkable structure of government comes into being which would be workable only if wholly redesigned in the light of known natural laws about government. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 introversion:}{\f0  a looking in too closely; having one's attention and interest directed upon oneself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 introversion:}{\f0  a looking in too closely; having one's attention and interest directed upon oneself. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 introvert:}{\f0  look in on oneself. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 introverted:}{\f0  directed (one's interest, mind or attention) upon oneself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 introverted:}{\f0  directed (one's interest, mind or attention) upon oneself. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 introverted:}{\f0  directed (one's interest, mind or attention) upon oneself.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{
\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 introverted:}{\f0 *** directing (one's interest, mind or attention) upon oneself.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 introverted:}{\f0  directing (one's interest, mind or attention) upon oneself.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 introverted:}{\f0  directing (one's interest, mind or attention) upon oneself. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 introverted:}{\f0  looking in on oneself. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 introverts:}{\f0  directs (one's interest, mind or attention) upon oneself.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 intuitive:}{\f0  perceived by, resulting from or involving }{\f0\ul intuition:}{\f0  direct perception of the truth, fact, etc., independent of any reasoning process; immediate apprehension. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 intuitively:}{\f0  in a way that is perceived by, resulting from or involving }{\f0\ul intuition:}{\f0  direct perception of the truth, fact, etc., independent of any reasoning process; immediate apprehension. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invader:}{\f0  of or pertaining to an }{\f0\ul invader force:}{\f0  an electronics people which lands on a planet inhabited by thought people (people who do things by thought rather than electronics), and th
en starts setting up various kinds of traps and doing all sorts of things in order to control this area. There are five invader forces active and one aborning (being born or created). \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 invader:}{\f0  of or pertaining to an }{\f0\ul invader force:}{\f0 
 an electronics people which lands on a planet inhabited by thought people (people who do things by thought rather than electronics), and then starts setting up various kinds of traps and doing all sorts of things in order to control this area. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invader force:}{\f0 
 of an electronics people which lands on a planet inhabited by thought people (people who do things by thought rather than electronics), and then starts setting up various kinds of traps and doing all sorts of things in order to control this area. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invader groups:}{\f0  an electronics people which lands on a planet inhabited by thought people (people who do things by thought rather than electronics), and then starts setting up various
 kinds of traps and doing all sorts of things in order to control this area. There are five invader forces active and one aborning (being born or created). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invaders:}{\f0  members of an invader force. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul invader force}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invalidate:}{\f0  make (someone) feel worthless as a result of refuting, degrading, discrediting or denying something he considers to be fact.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 invalidate:}{\f0  refute, degrade, discredit or deny something someone else considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 invalidate:}{\f0  refute, degrade, discredit or deny something someone else considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 invalidate:}{\f0  refute, degrade, discredit or deny something someone else considers to be fact.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invalidate:}{\f0  refute, degrade, discredit or deny something someone else considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 invalidate:***}{\f0  refute, degrade, discredit or deny something someone else considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 invalidate:}{\f0  refute or degrade or discredit or deny. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 invalidated:}{\f0  made to feel worthless as a result of someone refuting, degrading, discrediting or denying something one considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 invalidated:}{\f0  made to feel worthless as a result of someone refuting, degrading, discrediting or denying something one considers to be fact. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invalidated:}{\f0  made to feel worthless as a result of someone refuting, degrading, discrediting or denying something one considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul invalidated:}{\f0  refuted, degraded, discredited or denied. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 invalidated:***}{\f0  refuted, degraded, discredited or denied. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 invalidation:}{\f0  a refuting or degrading or discrediting or denying something someone else considers to be a fact.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invalidation:}{\f0  refuting or degrading or discrediting or denying something someone else considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 invalidation:}{\f0  refuting or degrading or discrediting or denying something someone else considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invalidation:}{\f0  refuting or degrading or discrediting or denying something someone else considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invalidations:}{\f0  acts of refuting or degrading or discrediting or denying something someone else considers to be fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inveigled:}{\f0  enticed, lured or ensnared by flattery or artful talk or inducements. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Inventing Problems:}{\f0  a process used to help a preclear handle problems. Problems are processed by giving the preclear the command \ldblquote Invent a problem of comparable magnitude to (the problem)\rdblquote 
 until the preclear can tolerate and confront problems. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inventory:}{\f0  the gathering of data for the auditor's use in resolving the case, during which he establishes affinity with the preclear.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 inventory:}{\f0  the step in Standard Procedure in which data is gathered by the auditor about incidents which may contain grief, as in deaths, or about engrams of physical pain, as in accidents, illnesses or operations. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul Standard Procedure}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 inverse:}{\f0  inverted; reversed in order or relation; directly opposite. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 inverse:}{\f0  (of a proportion) containing quantities of which an increase in one results in a decrease in another. A quantity is said to be in inverse proportion to another quantity if it increases as the other decreases, or vice versa. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 inverse square law: }{\b\f0\ul (physics, optics)}{\f0 
 one of several laws relating two quantities such that one quantity varies inversely as the square of the other. There are laws using this basic principle which apply to magnetism, sound and light. An example of this would be that of the illumination prod
uced on a screen by a point source of light: if the distance between the light source and screen were doubled, the illumination on the screen would be
 reduced to a quarter of its original intensity; if the distance were trebled, the illumination would be reduced to one-ninth; if the distance were quadrupled, the illumination would be reduced to one-sixteenth, etc. Likewise, the intensity of sound decre
ases as the distance from its source increases: a bell 10 feet away sounds one-fourth as loud as the same bell 5 feet away; and if 15 feet away, it sounds one-ninth as loud as when 5 feet away. Applied to radiation, the }{\f0\ul inverse square law }{\f0 
states that the intensity of radiation decreases in proportion to the square of the distance from its source. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 inversion:}{\f0  a change to the direct opposite; a reverse in the order, position, direction, etc., of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 inversion:}{\f0  acute awareness of self. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inversion: }{\f0 a situation in which something should go one way but it goes the other. A backward situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inversion:}{\f0  a switch to an opposite obsessive consideration such as from compulsion to inhibition. There may be many inversions on any consideration, each leading further from self-determinism. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{
\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 inversion:}{\f0 
 a switch to an opposite obsessive consideration such as from compulsion to inhibition. There may be many inversions on any consideration, each leading further from self-determinism. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 invert:}{\f0  turn or change to the opposite or the contrary, as in nature, bearing, or effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invertebrate:}{\f0  of or pertaining to creatures without a backbone. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inverted:}{\f0  turned around or reversed in position, direction, order, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 inverted:}{\f0  turned upside down; in reverse position, direction or order. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inverts:}{\f0  turns or changes to the opposite or the contrary, as in nature, bearing, or effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invested:}{\f0  surrounded with military forces so as to prevent approach or escape; besieged. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 investing:}{\f0  surrounding with military forces so as to prevent approach or escape; besieging. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 investment:}{\f0  a devoting, using or giving of time, talent, emotional energy, etc. as for a purpose or to achieve something. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invigilator: }{\b\f0\ul (British) }{\f0 one who watches students during an examination. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 inviolability: }{\f0 the quality or fact of being inviolable (not to be treated without proper respect or regard; not liable or allowed to suffer violence). \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 inviolate:}{\f0  not violated; kept sacred or unbroken. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 inviolate:}{\f0  unviolated; sacred or unbroken. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invisible cases:}{\f0  persons who cannot see mock-ups, have no mental image pictures when they close their eyes; everything is invisible. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul case}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 invisible field:}{\f0  some part of a mental image picture where the preclear is looking at blackness or invisibility. It is part of some lock, secondary or engram that is black or invisible. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 invisible-picture goals:}{\f0  goals implanted from 5.9 trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion years ago. Called invisible picture goals as they include an invisible picture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 invoke:}{\f0  call for the help or protection of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 involved:}{\f0  intricate, complicated. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Inyokern:}{\f0  a town in eastern California. Location of a naval ordnance (military weapons of all kinds with their equipment, ammunition, etc.) research station. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iodine 131: }{\f0 a radioactive form of iodine, used especially in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid function, in internal radiation therapy and as a tracer. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul tracer }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 iodine: }{\f0 
a chemical element found in seawater and certain seaweeds, used in solution as an antiseptic; iodine is used by the thyroid gland (a large gland at the front of the neck, secreting a hormone that regulates the body's growth and development) to help regula
te metabolism, and a shortage of iodine can cause goiter (enlargement of the thyroid gland). \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ion:}{\f0  an electrically charged atom or group of atoms formed by the loss or gain of one or more electrons. A positive ion is created by electron loss, and a negative ion is created by electron gain. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ion:}{\f0  an electrically charged atom or group of atoms formed by the loss or gain of one or more electrons. A positive ion is created by electron loss, and a negative ion is created by electron gain. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Appr
oved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ion:}{\f0  an electrically charged atom or group of atoms formed by the loss or gain of one or more electrons. A positive ion is created by electron loss, and a negative ion is created by electron gain. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul electron}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ionosphere:}{\f0  the outer part of the Earth's atmosphere, beginning at an altitude of about 25 miles and extending to the highest parts of the atmosphere. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 iota:}{\f0  a very small part or quantity; bit. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 IOU:}{\f0  a written acknowledgment of a debt, especially an informal one consisting only of the letters }{\f0\ul IOU,}{\f0  the sum owed, and the debtor's signature.}{\f0\ul  IOU }{\f0 is representative of \ldblquote I owe you.\rdblquote  
\emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Iowa:}{\f0  a north central state of the US; its chief products are agricultural. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 -ips:}{\f0  a made-up suffix. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 uotient: a number 
intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how \ldblquote old
\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; t
hey are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how 
\ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 uotient: a
 number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how \ldblquote 
old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new
; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how 
\ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to 
how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure 
of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to 
how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to 
how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a mea
sure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to 
how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient: a number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to 
how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  abbreviation for}{\f0\ul  I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient, a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; the degree that a person can observe and understand actions. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 IQ: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 
uotient. A number intended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to 
how \ldblquote old\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\f0  }{\b\f0\ul Intelligence Quotient:}{\f0  a number int
ended to indicate a person's level of intelligence. Intelligence quotient (IQ) ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new; they are a scale based upon how old in years a person has become compared to how \ldblquote old
\rdblquote  he is mentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 IQ:}{\b\f0\ul  I}{\f0 ntelligence }{\f0\ul Q}{\f0 uotient. IQ ratings are a measure of an individual's capacity for learning something new. The degree that a person can observe and understand actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 IRA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 rish }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 epublican }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
rmy, a secret organization in Ireland that originally fought for Irish independence from Britain. After the 1921 division of Ireland into Northern Ireland, which remained united with Britain, and the Irish Free State, now called the Republic of Ireland, t
he IRA took as its goal the uniting of the entire island under the Republic. The IRA continues to pursue this goal; membership, however, is illegal in the Republic. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 irascible: }{\f0 easily provoked to anger; very irritable. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 ire:}{\f0  anger; wrath. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Irish mail: }{\f0 a three-wheeled or four-wheeled toy vehicle activated by a hand lever somewhat on the principle of a manually operated railway handcar.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Irish Republican Army:}{\f0  an underground Irish nationalist organization founded to work for Irish independence from Great Britain; declared illegal by the Irish government in 1936. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Irish Republican Army:}{\f0  an underground Irish nationalist organization founded to work for Irish independence from Great Britain; declared illegal by the Irish government in 1936.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91

\par }{\b\f0 Irish Republican Army:}{\f0  a secret organization in Ireland that originally fought for Irish independence from Britain. After the 1921 division of Ireland into Northern Ireland, which remained united with Britain, and the Irish Free State
, now called the Republic of Ireland, the IRA took as its goal the uniting of the entire island under the Republic. The IRA continues to pursue this goal; membership, however, is illegal in the Republic. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iron: }{\f0\ul (golf)}{\f0 
 any one of a set of numbered clubs with metal heads having various lofts (slopes of the faces); specifically, the number 2 iron with little loft for hitting the ball relatively long distances, the number 5 iron with medium loft and the number 9 iron with
 much loft for hitting the ball relatively short distances. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ironbound:}{\f0  hard; rigid; unyielding; inflexible.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 iron curtain:}{\f0  a barrier of secrecy and censorship regarded as isolating the Soviet Union and other countries in its sphere. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iron curtainism:}{\f0  a state or condition like the }{\f0\ul iron curtain:}{\f0  the division between the communist nations of eastern Europe (the E
astern Bloc) and the noncommunist nations of western Europe. The term refers to the isolation that the Soviet Union imposes on its satellites in the Eastern Bloc, and to the repressive measures of many Eastern Bloc governments. Used figuratively in this l
ecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iron curtains:}{\f0  barriers of secrecy and censorship regarded as isolating the Soviet Union and other countries in its sphere, or a similar barrier to information in other regions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  App
roved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 ironed out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  smoothed out; eliminated. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ironic:}{\f0  containing or exemplifying }{\f0\ul irony: }{\f0 a technique of indicating, as through character or plot development, an intention or attitude opposite to that which is actually or ostensibly (apparently) stated. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iron maiden:}{\f0  a medieval torture instrument, fashioned as a box in the shape of a woman, large enough to hold a human being, and studded with sharp spikes on the inside. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 iron maiden:}{\f0  a medieval torture instrument, fashioned as a box in the shape of a woman, large enough to hold a human being, and studded with sharp spikes on the inside. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iron maiden:}{\f0  a medieval torture instrument, fashioned as a box in the shape of a woman, large enough to hold a human being, and studded with sharp spikes on the inside. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ironmonger:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  a dealer in hardware. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iron plate:}{\f0  the heavy sheets or plates of iron which make up the side of a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 irons:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (golf)}{\f0 
 a set of numbered clubs with metal heads having various lofts (slopes of the faces); specifically, the number 2 iron with little loft for hitting the ball relatively long distances, the number 5 iron with medium loft and the number 9 iron with much loft 
for hitting the ball relatively short distances. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  golf}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 ironsides:}{\f0  a strong person with great power of endurance or resistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 iron steed: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  a motorcycle. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 irradiation:}{\f0  exposure or the process of exposure to x-rays or other radiation. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 irradiation: }{\f0 exposure to radiation such as x-rays, ultraviolet rays, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 irrationally:}{\f0  in a manner characterized by the inability to get right answers from data. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 irregular:}{\f0  a soldier or combatant not of a regular military force, such as a guerrilla or "freedom fighter." \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 irregular verb:}{\f0  a verb whose past form is made by adding some other ending than }{\f0\ul -ed}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul d}{\f0  (as in regular verbs). For example the irregular form of }{\f0\ul sing}{\f0  is }{\f0\ul sang. \emdash SHSBC Binder 4}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 irregular verbs:}{\f0  verbs which change their form to show tenses in different ways than usual. For instance, the past tense is usually shown by adding }{\f0\ul d}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul ed}{\f0  to a word, so that the past form of \ldblquote stay
\rdblquote  is \ldblquote stay}{\f0\ul ed.}{\f0 \rdblquote  An irregular verb, however, shows the past by changing in some other way. For example, the past form of \ldblquote sing\rdblquote  is \ldblquote s}{\f0\ul a}{\f0 ng.\rdblquote 
 Other languages have similar situations, and German is noted for its numerous and unpatterned irregular verbs. \emdash Editor, from }{\f0\ul Instant English Handbook}{\f0 
 and the German Translation I/C. (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 irrelevant:***}{\f0  not to the point; off the subject. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 irreligion:}{\f0  an indifference or hostility to religion. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 irresolute:}{\f0  wavering in decision, purpose or opinion; indecisive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Irrevelancia:}{\f0  a made-up name for a location, coined from the word }{\f0\ul irrelevant}{\f0  meaning not to the point; off the subject. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 irrevocable:}{\f0  final; unalterable; irreversible. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 irrevocable:}{\f0  unable to be revoked; final and unalterable. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 IRS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternal}{\f0\ul  R}{\f0 evenue}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 
ervice, a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes other than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the 
individual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 IRS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternal}{\f0\ul  R}{\f0 evenue}{\f0\ul  S}{\f0 ervice. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Internal Revenue}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 'is:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect) }{\f0 his. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Isis:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Egyptian religion)}{\f0  the goddess of fertility and motherhood. She was represented as human in form though frequently described as wearing the horns of a cow. Horus, the god of day, was her son.}{\f0\ul  See also }{
\b\f0\ul Horus}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Iskander the Great of the Two Horns:}{\f0  the Persian name for Alexander the Great (356 - 323 b.c.). The \ldblquote 
two horns\rdblquote  referred to his headdress, as worn during the fourth century b.c., consisting of a helmet with two horn-shaped protrusions coming out of the top. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Alexander}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 island universe:}{\f0  any galaxy beyond our own galaxy. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ism:}{\f0  a doctrine, theory, system, etc., especially one whose name ends in }{\f0\ul -ism.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Ismailian Shiites:}{\f0  a fanatical sect of Muslims who are in disagreement with many of the accepted doctrines of the main group of Muslim believers. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 isms: }{\f0 doctrines, theories, systems, etc., especially those whose names end in }{\f0\ul -ism.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 isness: }{\f0 an apparency of existence brought about by the continuous alteration of an as-isness (the condition of immediate creation without persistence). This is called, when agreed upon, reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 isness: }{\f0 an apparency of existence brought about by the continuous alteration of an as-isness (the condition of immediate creation without persistence). This is called, when agreed upon, reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 isness:}{\f0  an apparency of existence brought about by the continuous alteration of an as-isness (the condition of immediate creation without persistence). This is called, when agreed upon, reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 isolationism:}{\f0  the po
licy or doctrine that peace and economic advancement can best be achieved by isolating one's country from alliances and commitments with other countries. The United States practiced a policy of isolationism until World War I and did not pursue an active i
nternational policy until after World War II. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul World War I}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 war, last}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Israel:}{\f0  a republic in the Middle East proclaimed in 1948. It is considered a homeland for Jews world-wide. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 issue: }{\f0 food or rations distributed to a number of officers or enlisted soldiers, or to a military unit. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 'it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  hit. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Italian Renaissance:}{\f0  the revival of art, literature and learning in the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries, beginning in Italy and gradually spreading to other countries in Europe. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Italian Somaliland:}{\f0  a former Italian colony and territory located on the coast of East Africa. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 italics:}{\f0  ***a style of printing where the letters lean to the right, used variously, as to emphasize words, indicate foreign words, set off book titles, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 italics:}{\f0  a style of printing where the letters lean to the right, used variously, as to emphasize words, indicate foreign words, set off book titles, etc. }{\f0\ul This is an example of italics.}{\f0  Used figuratively in this lecture. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 italics:}{\f0  a style of printing where the letters lean to the right, used variously, as to emphasize words, indicate foreign words, set off book titles, etc. }{\f0\ul This is an example of italics.}{\f0  Used figuratively in this lecture. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 italics:***}{\f0  letters that slant to the right. }{\f0\ul These are italics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Italy:}{\f0 
 a country in southern Europe which in 1922 came under the control of fascism. Benito Mussolini (1883 - 1945), as the fascist dictator of Italy from 1922 - 1945 received backing and support from Nazi Germany and participated with Germany and Japan in the 
large-scale war which came to be called World War II (1939 - 1945). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul fascist, Germany}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Nazi Germany }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 itchy-fingered:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 made eager (to do something) especially when prevented from doing it. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 item:}{\f0  any one of a list of things, people, ideas, significances, purposes, etc., given by a preclear to an auditor while listing; any separate thing or article; in particular, one placed on a list by a pc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 item:}{\f0  any one of a list of things, people, ideas, significances, purposes, etc., given by a preclear to an auditor while listing; any separate thing or article, in particular, one placed on a list by a pc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II 
Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 item:}{\f0  any one of a list of things, people, ideas, significances, purposes, etc., given by a preclear to an auditor while listing; any separate thing or article; in particular, one placed on a list by a pc. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 item:}{\f0 *** any one of a list of things, people, ideas, significances, purposes, etc., given by a preclear to an auditor while listing; any separate thing or article; in particular, one placed on a list by a pc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 items: }{\f0 things, people, ideas, significances, purposes, etc., given by a preclear to an auditor while listing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul items: }{\f0 things, people, ideas, significances, purposes, etc., given by a preclear to an auditor while listing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 items:}{\f0  things, people, ideas, significances, purposes, etc., given by a preclear to an auditor while listing. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul listing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 items:}{\f0  things, people, ideas, significances, purposes, etc., given by a preclear to an auditor while listing. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul listing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 'its: }{\b\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  hits. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 'its: }{\b\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  hits. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 itsa:}{\f0  a coined term, which is the action of a preclear saying }{\f0\ul \ldblquote It is a...\rdblquote }{\f0 
 in answer to an auditor. In auditing an auditor guides.  He gives the preclear something to answer. When the preclear answers, the preclear has said \ldblquote It is a...\rdblquote  and that is }{\f0\ul itsa.}{\f0   The preclear is saying what }{\f0\ul 
is,}{\f0  what is there, who is there, where it is, what it looks like, ideas about, decisions about, solutions to, things in his environment.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 itsa:}{\f0  a coined term, which is the action of a preclear saying }{\f0\ul \ldblquote It is a...\rdblquote }{\f0 
 in answer to an auditor. In auditing an auditor guides. He gives the preclear something to answer. When the preclear answers, the preclear has said \ldblquote It is a...\rdblquote  and that is }{\f0\ul itsa.}{\f0  The preclear is saying what }{\f0\ul 
is,}{\f0  what is there, who is there, where it is, what it looks like, ideas about, decisions about, solutions to, things in his environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 itsa: }{\f0 a coined word, coming from the phrase \ldblquote It is a...\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 itsa:*** }{\f0 a coined word, coming from the phrase \ldblquote It is a...\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 itsa:}{\f0 *** the action of saying \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 this\rdblquote  or \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 that.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 itsa:}{\f0  ***the action of saying \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 this\rdblquote  or \ldblquote }{\f0\ul it's a }{\f0 that.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 itsa:}{\f0  the action of saying \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 this\rdblquote  or \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 that.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 itsa:}{\f0  the action of saying \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 this\rdblquote  or \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 that.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 itsa-ing: }{\f0 saying in session \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 this\rdblquote  or \ldblquote }{\f0\ul It's a }{\f0 that\rdblquote  (by the preclear).}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul itsa }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 itsa line:}{\f0 *** the communication line from the pc to the auditor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 itsa line:}{\f0  the communication line from the pc to the auditor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 itsa line:}{\f0  the communication line from the pc to the auditor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 IT&T:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul T}{\f0 elephone and }{\f0\ul T}{\f0 
elegraph. A conglomerate of many different companies founded in 1920 with the purpose of being an ideal telecommunications company. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ITV:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ndependent }{\f0\ul T}{\f0 ele}{\f0\ul v}{\f0 
ision, an alliance of 15 independently owned and operated British television stations that was founded in 1956 as a rival operation to the British Broadcasting Corporation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ITV:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ndependent }{\f0\ul T}{\f0 ele}{\f0\ul v}{\f0 
ision, an alliance of 15 independently owned and operated British television stations that was founded in 1956 as a rival operation to the British Broadcasting Corporation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ITV:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 ndependent }{\f0\ul T}{\f0 ele}{\f0\ul v}{\f0 ision, an alliance of 15 independently owned and operated British television stations that was founded in 1956 as a rival operat
ion to the British Broadcasting Corporation. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 IU:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul i}{\f0 nternational }{\f0\ul u}{\f0 nit, an internationally agreed-upon standard to which samples of a substance, as a drug or hormone, are compared to ascertain their relative potency. }{\f0\ul IU}{\f0 
 also stands for the particular quantity of such a substance which causes a specific biological effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I up and done it with my little hatchet\rdblquote :}{\f0  humorous reference to a statement attributed to G
eorge Washington (1732 - 1799), US general and first president of the United States (1789 - 1797). According to a biographer, the young George Washington received a new hatchet and used it to chop down his father's prized cherry tree. His father demanded 
to know how the tree had fallen. George was tempted to deny his misdeed, but then, \ldblquote 
looking at his father with the sweet face of youth brightened with the inexpressible charm of all-conquering truth, he bravely cried out, `I can't tell a lie. I did cut it with my hatchet.' \ldblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I up and done it with my little hatchet\rdblquote :}{\f0 
 humorous reference to a statement attributed to George Washington (1732 - 1799), US general and first president of the United States (1789 - 1797). According to a biographer, the young George Washington received a new hatchet and used it to chop down his
 father's prized cherry tree. His father demanded to know how the tree had fallen. George was tempted to deny his misdeed, but then, \ldblquote looking at h
is father with the sweet face of youth brightened with the inexpressible charm of all-conquering truth, he bravely cried out, `I can't tell a lie. I did cut it with my hatchet.' \ldblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Ivanhoe:}{\f0  the main character of the novel }{\f0\ul Ivanhoe}{\f0 
 by Scottish author Sir Walter Scott (1771 - 1832). The book, published in 1819, is about a Saxon knight, Ivanhoe, who is in love with his father's ward, Rowena, although she is supposed to marry another man. The story is further emblaz
oned with a colorful entourage of honorable knights and fair ladies. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ivan the Terrible:}{\f0  Ivan IV (1530 - 1584), first czar of Russia (1547 - 1584). He struggled constantly with the nobles of Russia and became famous for his brutality toward his enemies. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Ivory soap:}{\f0  a popular brand of soap manufactured in the United States which promotes itself as being \ldblquote 99 and 44/100 percent pure.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Ivory soap:}{\f0  a popular brand of soap manufactured in the United States which promotes itself as being \ldblquote 99 and 44/100 percent pure.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Ivory soap:}{\f0  a popular brand of soap manufactured in the US by the Procter and Gamble company which promotes itself as being \ldblquote 99 and 44/100 % pure\rdblquote . }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Procter and Gamble.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ivory tower:}{\f0  a place or situation remote from worldly or practical affairs. A term coined by a French litera
ry critic of the early nineteenth century who thought of it as applicable to the aerie of a poet, a place where he could retire from a world, a retreat. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ivory tower:}{\f0 
 a place or situation remote from worldly or practical affairs. A term coined by a French literary critic of the early nineteenth century who thought of it as applicable to the aerie (a house, castle or the like, placed high on a rock or mountainside) of 
a poet, a place where he could retire from a world, a retreat. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ivory tower:}{\f0  a place or situation remote from worldly or practical affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 ivory tower:}{\f0  a place or situation remote from worldly or practical affairs. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 ivory tower:}{\f0  a place or situation remote from worldly or practical affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ivory tower:}{\f0  a place or situation remote from worldly or practical affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ivory-tower:}{\f0  remote from worldly or practical affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ivory-towered:}{\f0  characteristic of a place or situation remote from worldly or practical affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ivory-towered:}{\f0  of or pertaining to a place or situation remote from worldly or practical affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 ivory-towered:}{\f0  remotely placed or situated from worldly or practical affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I Will Arise\rdblquote :}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I Will Arise\rdblquote :}{\f0  a made-up name for a group. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I Will Arise:}{\f0  a made-up name for a member of a group. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I Will Arise:}{\f0  a made-up name for a movement or group.  }{\f0\ul You'd still find a file clerk or a Mr. Bonkers someplace or another, would have started up an \ldblquote I Will Arise,\rdblquote 
 which has as its sole goal the slaughter of Scientologists or something.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #12, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I Will Arise\rdblquote  Burial Society: }{\f0 a made-up name for a group.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I Will Arise\rdblquote  Burial Society:}{\f0  a made-up name for a society. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote I Will Arise\rdblquote  Burial Society:}{\f0  a made-up name for a society. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I-Will-Arise Church:}{\f0  a made-up name for a church. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I Will Arise Communist Association of Northern Sacramento:}{\f0  a made-up name for an association. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 I-Will-Arise Holy Rollers:}{\f0  a made-up name for a religious sect. }{\f0\ul Holy Rollers}{\f0  are members of a religious sect that express religious emotion by shouting and moving about during services of worship. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I Will Arisers:}{\f0  a made-up name for a group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 I Will Arise Societies:}{\f0  a made-up name for societies. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I Will Arise Society: }{\f0 a made up name for a society. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 I Will Arise Society:}{\f0  a made-up name for a society. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 I Will Arise Society:}{\f0  a made-up name for a society. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ixnay:}{\f0  pig Latin for }{\f0\ul nix,}{\f0  an interjection meaning no. Pig Latin is a jargon code following one simple rule: each pig Latin word is formed by moving the first letter to the end of the word and adding the letters }{\f0\ul ay}{
\f0 . }{\f0\ul Examples:}{\f0  dog becomes ogday and catcher becomes atchercay. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 izzard:}{\f0  a made-up designation for a year. }{\f0\ul Izzard}{\f0  is an archaic word for the letter }{\f0\ul Z.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 izzard, from A to:}{\f0  from beginning to end. }{\f0\ul Izzard}{\f0  is an archaic word for the letter }{\f0\ul Z.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 izzard, from A to:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 from beginning to end. }{\f0\ul Izzard}{\f0  is an archaic word meaning the letter }{\f0\ul z.}{\f0  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Izzybelle:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }}