{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Narrow;}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvantGarde;}{\f18\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ITC Bookman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Light;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Black;}{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f22\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino;}
{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfChancery;}{\f24\fdecor\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfDingbats;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Marlett;}
{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609040504020204}Lucida Console;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504020204}Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02050604050505020204}Bookman Old Style;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}MS Outlook;}{\f31\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040602050305030304}Book Antiqua;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}
{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0706040902060204}Haettenschweiler;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f37\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho;}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0306030101010103}Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040603050505030304}Calisto MT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0705020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0507020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020202020204}Century Gothic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0806030902050204}Impact;}
{\f44\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010101010101}Lucida Handwriting;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504090204}Lucida Sans;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0504020203020204}News Gothic MT;}
{\f47\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02010509020102010303}OCR A Extended;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f60\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f142\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f205\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f206\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}
{\f208\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f211\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode CE;}{\f212\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Cyr;}
{\f214\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Greek;}{\f215\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Tur;}{\f217\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}
{\f220\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}
{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f228\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f241\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}
{\f265\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f266\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f268\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f269\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f270\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}
{\f307\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f310\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f312\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title K - KIC}
{\author Nino Bilic}{\operator Ergon Copeland}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords17652}{\nofchars100619}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws123567}{\vern71}}\margl1080\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale45\viewzk1\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul K - KIC
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Ka-bob civilization:}{\f0  a made-up name for a civilization. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ka-bob civilization:}{\f0  a made-up name for a civilization. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kabub: }{\f0 a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kabum, Roslinko:}{\f0  a made-up name for a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kabutniks:}{\f0  a made-up word for a currency. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kadi:}{\f0  a minor Moslem magistrate or judge. A }{\f0\ul Moslem}{\f0  is a believer in the religion of Islam, in which God is called Allah and the founder and chief prophet is Mohammed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Kahoona Kapuna Kapunas:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kaiser:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  emperor. Reference to Kaiser Wilhelm II (1859 - 1941), German emperor (1888 - 191
8). On the outbreak of the first Russian Revolution (March 1917) the Germans, with the object of weakening Russian war efforts, smuggled one of the key revolutionaries (Vladimir Lenin) into St. Petersburg. Lenin set about overthrowing the provisional gove
rnment and seized power in a second revolution in November, ultimately becoming virtual dictator in Russia. In November of 1918, Wilhelm abdicated and fled to Holland after Germany was defeated in World War I. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Lenin}{\f0 
 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kaiser:}{\f0  German for }{\f0\ul emperor. }{\f0 
In this lecture, LRH is referring to Wilhelm Kaiser (1859 - 1941), Emperor of Germany from 1888 to 1918. Through inept handling of his power and authority as emperor, he helped cause the circumstances leading to World War I and thereby the deaths of milli
ons of men on the battlefields. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kaiser:}{\f0  one of the largest aluminum-making companies in the United States (founded in 1946). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kaiser Bill:}{\f0  a humorous reference to William II (1859 - 1941), Emperor of Germany (1888 - 1918). (}{\f0\ul Kaiser}{\f0  is German for \ldblquote emperor.\rdblquote 
) Through inept handling of his power and authority as emperor, he helped cause the circumstances leading to World War I and thereby the deaths of millions of men on the battlefields. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kaiser Bill: }{\f0 William II (1859 - 1941). Emperor of Germany (1888 - 1918). (}{\f0\ul Kaiser}{\f0  is German for \ldblquote emperor.\rdblquote ) Through inept handling of his power and authority as emperor, he help
ed cause the circumstances leading to World War I and thereby the deaths of millions of men on the battlefields. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary. Final approval 27.9.89 }{\f0 also }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kaiser, Henry J.:}{\f0 
 Henry John Kaiser (1882 - 1967), American industrialist and founder of a number of industrial corporations including Kaiser Aluminum, one of the largest aluminum-processing organizations in the world. He sat on the board of directors of Bank of America. 
Its president, Amade
o Giannini, was one of the few bankers to contribute to Franklin D. Roosevelt's (1882 - 1945) election as US president. During World War II, Kaiser was introduced to President Roosevelt by Giannini. Although Kaiser's company had never built a ship before 
he met Roosevelt, his industries received contracts for building 35% of US ship tonnage during World War II. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kaiser Wilhelm:}{\f0  William II (1859 - 1941), emperor of Germany from 1888 to 1918. (}{\f0\ul Kaiser}{\f0  is German for \ldblquote emperor.\rdblquote )
 Through inept handling of his power and authority as emperor, he helped cause the circumstances leading to World War I and thereby the deaths of millions of men on the battlefields. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 Kali:}{\f0 
 the Hindu goddess of death and destruction. Her idol is black, besmeared with blood; she has red eyes, four arms, matted hair, huge fang-like teeth and a protruding tongue that drips with blood. She wears a necklace of skulls, earrings of corpses and is 
girdled with serpents. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Kali:}{\f0 
 the Hindu goddess of death and destruction. Her idol is black, besmeared with blood; she has red eyes, four arms, matted hair, huge fang-like teeth and a protruding tongue that drips with blood. She wears a necklace of skulls, earrings of corpses and is 
girdled with serpents. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kali:}{\f0  the Hindu goddess of death and destruction. She is depicted as being black and four-armed with red palms and eyes. She has matted hair and fanglike teet
h. Her tongue, face and breasts are blood-stained. She wears a necklace of skulls, earrings of corpses and is girdled with serpents. The thugs, who terrorized many parts of India until they were suppressed by the British in the nineteenth century, practic
ed a ritual of robbery by deceit and strangulation in the name of Kali. In India, on the darkest night of November, goats are slain as sacrifices to her. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul thuggee}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{
\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Kangarooland:}{\f0  a humorous reference to Australia. Kangaroos are native to Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas:}{\f0 *** a state in central United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas:}{\f0  a state in the central part of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas:}{\f0  a state in the central United States, a large part of which is prairie (a large area of level or slightly rolling grasslands). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas:}{\f0  a state in the central United States, a large part of wh
ich is prairie (a large area of level or slightly rolling grasslands). It is the United States' leading producer of wheat and also produces corn. Its climate is characterized by seasonal extremes in temperatures, blizzards, tornadoes and severe thundersto
rms. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas:}{\f0  a state in the central United States, a large part of which is prairie (a large area of level or slightly rolling grasslands). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas:}{\f0  a state in the central United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas City:}{\f0  a city in Kansas, with a large meatpacking industry. A horsehide glue factory was also located there at the time of the lecture.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas City:}{\f0  a city in western Missouri in the central United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas City:}{\f0  a city in west Missouri (a state in the central United States). Used humorously in this lecture to show how off course the ship had become. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas City:}{\f0  a city in west Missouri (a state of the United States). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kansas, Middle East:}{\f0  a made-up name for a location. Kansas is a state in the central United States known for its many small towns. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Middle East}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0 
 Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0 
 Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Kant:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  He believed that one discovered the nature of reality by investigating the process of thought rather than the objects of sense experience. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Kantian:}{\f0  of or having to do with Immanuel Kant. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0 Kant}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Kant, Immanuel:}{\f0  (1724 - 1804) German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  He believed that one discovered the nature of reality by investigating the process of thought rather than the objects of sense experience.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant, Immanuel:}{\f0  (1724 - 1804) German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant, Immanuel:}{\f0  (1724 - 1804) German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant, Immanuel:}{\f0  (1724 - 1804) German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant, Immanuel:}{\f0  (1724 - 1804) German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kant, Immanuel:}{\f0  (1724 - 1804) German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote truth beyond human experience.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kant, Immanuel:}{\f0  Immanuel Kant (1724 - 1804), German philosopher. He sought to determine laws and the limits of man's knowledge and form a division between what he considered knowable or common knowledge and \ldblquote 
truth beyond human experience.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kanzarkansas:}{\f0  a humorously made-up name for a state, coined from two American states, }{\f0\ul Kansas}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Arkansas. \emdash SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul kapluskov: }{\f0 a made-up word which rhymes with \ldblquote Nov.\rdblquote  (a shortened form of \ldblquote November\rdblquote ). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kapok tree:}{\f0  a small tropical tree from whose seeds kapok (a silky fiber) is taken; silk cotton tree. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kaputniks:}{\f0  made-up name for a currency. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Karloff, Boris: }{\b\f0\ul (William Henry Pratt)}{\f0  (1887 - 1969) British actor in the US. Most known for his part as the monster in the movie }{\f0\ul Frankenstein,}{\f0  he played in many roles in American science-fiction and horror films. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 karma: }{\f0\ul (Buddhism)}{\f0  the name given to the results of action, especially the cumulative results of a person's deeds in one stage of his existence as controlling his destiny in the next. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 karma: }{\f0 in Buddhist philosophy, the name given to the results of action, especially the cumulative results of a person's deeds in one stage of his existence as controlling his destiny in the next. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 karma: }{\f0 in Buddhist philosophy, the name given to the results of action, especially the cumulative results of a person's deeds in one stage of his existence as controlling his destiny in the next. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 karma: }{\f0 in Buddhist philosophy, the name given to the results of action, especially the cumulative results of a person's deeds in one stage of his existence as controlling his destiny in the next. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Karoi:}{\f0  a town in the middle of Rhodesia, near Lake Kariba. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Lake Kariba}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 karo tree:}{\f0  a shrub or small tree of New Zealand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 karo tree:}{\f0  a tall (30 ft) tree-like shrub grown in California, US, where it is drought resistant. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 katakana:}{\f0  a set of written symbols, each of which represents a syllable in the Japanese language. These symbols are used along with Chinese characters (which the Japanese write their language in) to show how t
he Japanese pronounce the characters. Katakana are square-shaped and look rather like English letters. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 katakana:}{\f0  the simplest type of characters used in Japanese writing. Katakana are square-shaped and look rather like printed English letters. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Katanga:}{\f0  the former name of Shaba, a province of south Zaire. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Congo}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Katanga:}{\f0  the former name of Shaba, a province of south Zaire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Katanga:}{\f0  the former name of Shaba, a province of the Congo. After the Congo was granted independence, the Katanga province seceded and proclaimed itself a republic, then civil war ensued. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Congo}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Katanga:}{\f0  the former name of Shaba, a province of the Congo. After the Congo was granted independence, the Katanga province seceded and proclaimed itself a republic, then civil war ensued. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Congo}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Kayan:}{\f0  referring to the Kayan River region of Borneo. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Kaye, Sammy:}{\f0  (1913 - 1987) the leader of a famous American jazz band. He hosted his own TV show in the 50s called \ldblquote Swing and Sway with Sammy Kaye.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 KC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul K}{\f0 ansas }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ity. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Kansas City }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kcs:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul k}{\f0 ilo}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 ycles per }{\f0\ul s}{\f0 econd. A }{\f0\ul kilocycle}{\f0  is a former name for }{\f0\ul kilohertz,}{\f0  1000 hertz: the unit that the frequency of radio waves is measured in. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keaton: }{\f0 a pressman for the American Medical Association at the time of this lecture. Along with Oliver Field he created bad publicity for Scientology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Field}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 AMA}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }
{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keaton:}{\f0  a pressman for the American Medical Association at the time of this lecture. Along with Oliver Field he created bad publicity for Scientology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Field}{\f0  and }{\b\f0\ul American Medical Association }{
\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keaton, Buster:}{\f0  (1895 - 1966) American film actor. He worked mainly in silent comedies and is considered one of the greatest comedians of the American silent films. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keats:}{\f0  John Keats (1795 - 1821), English poet, considered one of the greatest English poets. His poems are unequaled for dignity, melody and richness of imagery. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 keel: }{\f0 
a strong piece or beam of wood or metal center of the bottom of a ship or boat. The keel is the main support of a ship and the whole frame or hull is attached to it. Also, a fin or flat-shaped piece that is attached lengthwise to the bottom of a sailboat 
and hangs down into the water. The keel keeps the sailboat upright so it will not tip over and prevents it from being blown sideways by the wind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 keel:***}{\f0  literally, the chief timber or steel piece along the entire length of the bottom of a ship or boat; figuratively, anything like a ship's keel in position, appearance, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 keel: }{\f0 
the chief timber or steel piece extending along the entire length of the bottom of a boat or ship and supporting the frame: it sometimes protrudes beneath the hull. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Keeler:}{\f0  Leonarde Keeler (1903 - 1949), American criminologist. Invented and marketed a lie detector in the 1930s. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keeler:}{\f0  Leonarde Keeler (1903 - 1949), American criminologist. Invented and marketed a lie detector in the 1930s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keeler:}{\f0  Leonarde Keeler (1903 - 1949), American criminologist. Invented and marketed a lie detector in the 1930s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keeler:}{\f0  Leonarde Keeler (1903 - 1949), American criminologist. Invented and marketed a lie detector in the 1930s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keeler:}{\f0  Leonarde Keeler (1903 - 1949), American criminologist. Invented and marketed a lie detector in the 1930s. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Keeler:}{\f0  reference to Leonarde Keeler (1903 - 1949), American criminologist who invented and marketed a lie detector in the 1930s. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Keeler:}{\f0  reference to Leonarde Keeler (1903 - 1949), American criminologist who invented and marketed a lie detector in the 1930s. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Keeler:}{\f0  reference to the lie detector, invented and marketed by American criminologist, Leonarde Keeler (1903 - 1949) in the 1930s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Keeley:}{\f0  Leslie E. Keeley (1832 - 1900), American physician; originator of Keeley treatment for alcoholics and drug addicts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Keeley:}{\f0  Leslie E. Keeley (1832 - 1900), an American physician who held the view that alcoholism is a disease and not a vice. He was the originator of \ldblquote Keeley treatment\rdblquote 
 for alcoholics and drug addicts which involved the injection of a gold compound into the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keeley:}{\f0  Leslie E. Keeley (1832 - 1900), an American physician who held the view that alcoholism is a disease and not a vice. He was the originator of \ldblquote Keeley treatment\rdblquote 
 for alcoholics and drug addicts which involved the injection of a gold compound into the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keeley:}{\f0  Leslie E. Keeley (1832 - 1900), an American physician who held the view that alcoholism is a disease and not a vice. He was the originator of \ldblquote Keeley treatment\rdblquote 
 for alcoholics and drug addicts which involved the injection of a gold compound into the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keeley:}{\f0  Leslie E. Keeley (1832 - 1900), an American physician who held the view that alcoholism is a disease and not a vice. He was the originator of \ldblquote Keeley treatment\rdblquote 
 for alcoholics and drug addicts which involved the injection of a gold compound into the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keeley Institute:}{\f0  a company founded by Leslie E. Keeley (1832 - 1900), an American physician who held the view that alcoholism is a disease and not a vice. He was the originator of \ldblquote Keeley treatment\rdblquote 
 for alcoholics and drug addicts which involved the injection of a gold compound into the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Keeley Institute:}{\f0  a company founded by Leslie E. Keeley (1832 - 1900), an American physician who held the view that alcoholism is a disease and not a vice. He was the originator of \ldblquote Keeley treatment\rdblquote 
 for alcoholics and drug addicts which involved the injection of a gold compound into the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 keen:}{\f0 *** strong or intense. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 keep: }{\f0 the strongest, innermost part or central tower of a medieval castle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 keep: }{\f0 the strongest, innermost part or central tower of a medieval castle. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Keeper of Tech:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Keeper of Tech and Policy Knowledge: }{\f0 a post in a Scientology organization whose purpose is to help LRH establi
sh tech and policy in orgs fully and accurately and in full use and keep it there. This post also has the responsibility of preventing refunds and repayments and ensuring requests for refunds and repayments are handled standardly and promptly when they do
 occur. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul refund }{\f0 and}{\f0\ul  }{\b\f0\ul repayment }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keeping, in:}{\f0  continuing; going on; persevering or persisting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 keeping their noses clean:}{\f0  behaving themselves; avoiding trouble or scandal. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 keep (one's) own nose clean:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stay out of trouble; do only what (one) should do. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keep one's weather eye out:}{\f0  be on the alert, stay on guard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keeps, for:}{\f0  seriously and permanently. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 keep tabs on:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  keep a check on; follow or watch every move of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kee-ripes:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul cripes,}{\f0  a mild oath or an exclamation of astonishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kee-ripes:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an emphasizing of the word }{\f0\ul cripes}{\f0  (an exclamation of annoyance, disgust). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Kelvin:}{\f0 
 of the Kelvin scale, the standard temperature scale in scientific work proposed by English physicist William Thomson, 1st Baron, Kelvin (1824 - 1907). A degree on the Kelvin scale is the same size as a degree on the Celsius scale, but the Kelvin scale st
arts at absolute zero instead of at the freezing point of water. Thus on the Kelvin scale, absolute zero is zero degrees, ice melts at about 273 degrees and water boils at about 373 degrees. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kelvin:}{\f0 
 of the Kelvin scale, the standard temperature scale in scientific work proposed by English physicist William Thomson, 1st Baron, Kelvin (1824 - 1907). A degree on the Kelvin scale is the same size as a degree on the Celsius scale, but the Kelvin scale st
arts at absolute zero instead of at the freezing point of water. Thus on the Kelvin scale, absolute zero is zero degrees, ice melts at about 273 degrees and water boils at about 373 degrees. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kelvinator: }{\b\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a brand of refrigerator. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor, }{\f0 from Natalie Fisher who remembers them. (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Ken:}{\f0  a student on the Saint Hill Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Ken:}{\f0  a student on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 ken:}{\f0  mental perception; range of knowledge; understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 ken:}{\f0  range of sight or vision. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 ken:}{\f0  range of sight or vision. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ken:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a house or place of business. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  (1) John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on Novem
ber 22, 1963. (2) Robert Francis Kennedy (1925 - 1968), a younger brother of President John F. Kennedy, who served as Attorney General during his presidency.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 63), president of the US from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy: }{\f0 John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963)
, president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0 
 John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0 *** John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John F. Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United State
s from 1961 to 1963. In 1961 he approved the Bay of Pigs operation, an invasion of Cuba by US-backed Cuban exiles with the aim of ousting the communist regime of Fidel Castro (1927 - \-
 ). Most of the exiles were killed or taken prisoner and the operation was a disaster. Kennedy's presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John F. Kennedy (1917 - 1963), thirty-fifth president of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy:}{\f0  John F. Kennedy (1917 - 1963), thirty-fifth president of the United States.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedyite:}{\f0  one who believed in or supported John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy, Mr.:}{\f0  an auditor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kennedy, Nikita:}{\f0  a humorous variation of the name John F. (Jack) Kennedy, interchanged wi
th the name Nikita Khrushchev. Kennedy (1917 - 1963) was president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. In 1961 he approved the Bay of Pigs operation, an invasion of Cuba by US-backed Cuban exiles with the aim of ousting the communist regime of Fidel C
astro (1927 -  ). Most of the exiles were killed or taken prisoner and the operation was a disaster. Kennedy's presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Khrushchev, Jack}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kenny, Sister:}{\f0  Elizabeth Kenny (1886 - 1952), Australian nurse who developed the \ldblquote Kenny method\rdblquote  of treating infantile paralysis (polio). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kenny treatment:}{\f0  a treatment for infantile paralysis (polio) developed by Australian nurse and research worker Elizabeth (\ldblquote Sister\rdblquote 
) Kenny (1886 - 1952). In this treatment hot, moist packs are applied to affected muscles to relieve spasms and pain, and a regimen of exercises is prescribed to prevent deformities and to strengthen the muscles. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Glossary Part 1}{
\f0  Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Kensington highroad:}{\f0  High Street, in Kensington, a borough of London. The area is chiefly residential, though it contains numerous museums and institutions of learning. It has been considered the most fashionable part of London. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kent:}{\f0  a county in southeastern England. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kent Clear-View Screen:}{\f0  a type of circular disc of plate glass, which is revolved at high speed by an electric motor, incorporated in the glass 
screen of the navigating bridge on a ship. The spinning motion throws off all rain, sleet or snow and gives the navigating officer a clear view ahead. \ldblquote Kent\rdblquote  is a brand name. \emdash }{\f0\ul Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0 
 (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 Kentucky rifles:}{\f0 
 muzzleloading rifles developed near Lancaster, Pennsylvania in the early 18th century. The name "Kentucky" was taken from the fact that the vast territory between the Cumberland Mountains (plateau largely in Kentucky and Tennessee) and the Mississippi Ri
ver was then called \ldblquote Kentucky\rdblquote  and most of the settlers and hunters who roamed that area were outfitted in Pennsylvania. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kenya:}{\f0  a republic in eastern Africa; formerly a British crown colony. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. Used in the lecture to mean a small out-of-the-way town. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used in the lecture to mean a small out-of-the-way town. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used figuratively in this lecture.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the Midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used in the lecture to mean a small out-of-the-way town. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used in the lecture to mean a small out-of-the-way town. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used in the lecture to mean a small out-of-the-way town. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk: }{\f0 a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. At the time of the lecture it had a population of about 14,000 people. Used here to mean a small out-of-the-way town. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. At the time of the lecture it had a population of about 14,000 people. Used in the lecture to mean a small out-of-the-way town. \emdash }{
\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. Used figuratively in this lecture to mean a small out-of-the-way town.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk:}{\f0  a city located on the Mississippi River, in southeast Iowa, in the midwestern United States. It has a population of about 13,000 people. Used in the lectures to mean a small out-of-the-way town. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk Central Office:}{\f0  a made-up name for an organization. }{\f0\ul Keokuk}{\f0  is a city located on the Mississippi River, in the Midwestern United States and has a population of about 13,000 people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keokuk Day:}{\f0  a made-up name for an org. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kepler: }{\f0 Johann Kepler (1571 - 1630), a German astronomer. He formulated three laws which describe the motions of the planets around the sun. \emdash }{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Keplin-Spreplin law: }{\f0 a made-up name for a law. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Keplin-Spreplin Law: }{\f0 a made-up name for a \ldblquote scientific\rdblquote  law. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kerbango:}{\f0  an interjection used to represent a sudden sound, as of an explosion. }{\f0\ul However, as you're going through with a third-of-a-dial drop setting, the needle does a twitch, }{\f0 kerbango. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary
}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kerflip:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul ker-,}{\f0  an unstressed syllable prefixed to words formed by imitation of the sound associated with the object or action (for example, kerflop, kerplunk, ker-splosh) and }{\f0\ul flip,}{\f0 
 to turn over quickly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kerfluffle: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a situation of disorder, flurry or agitation. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kerfuffle:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a situation of disorder, flurry or agitation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kernel:}{\f0  the central, most important part of something; core; essence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Kettlebottom, Betty:}{\f0  a made-up name for a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kettlebottom, Betty: }{\f0 a made-up name. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 key:***}{\f0  a thing that explains or solves something else, as a book of answers or a set of symbols for pronouncing words. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\ul keyed in:}{\f0  became active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul keyed in:}{\f0  became active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{
\b\f0\ul See also reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keyed in:}{\f0  became restimulated. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 restimulation}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul keyed in:}{\f0  made active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }
{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keyed in:}{\f0  made active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake individual is itself similar to a dormant engram at which moment the engram becomes active and can be dramatized. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
dramatization}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 keyed in:}{\f0  restimulated. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keyed in:}{\f0  restimulated. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keyed in:}{\f0  restimulated. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 keyed in: }{\f0 restimulated. The environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 keyed out: }{\f0 dropped away without being erased. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keyed out:*** }{\f0 dropped away without being erased. \emdash }{\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 keyed out:}{\f0  released or separated from the reactive mind or some portion of it. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 keyed out:}{\f0  released or separated from the reactive mind or some portion of it. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keyed-out Clear:}{\f0  a state of Release where the person has been released from his reactive mind. He still has that reactive mind but he's not in it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 key him in:}{\f0  reactivate his earlier upsets or painful incidents.}{\f0\ul   A key-in}{\f0  is a moment w
hen the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991

\par }{\b\f0 key-in: }{\f0 a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 key-in: }{\f0 a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 key-in:}{\f0  a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  engram}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 key in: }{\f0 become active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }{
\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 key in:}{\f0  become active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }{
\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 key in:}{\f0 *** become active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }
{\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 key in:}{\f0  become restimulated. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 key in:}{\f0  make active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }{
\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 key in:}{\f0  make active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 key in:}{\f0  restimulate. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul restimulates}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 keying in:}{\f0  becoming active. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keying in:}{\f0  becoming restimulated. A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0  is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. }
{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keying in:}{\f0  restimulating. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keying out:}{\f0  dropping away without being erased. }{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Key Ingredients: }{\b\f0\ul The Key Ingredients}{\f0  is the title of a policy letter by L. Ron Hubbard, dated 14 September 1969. It includes the key ingredients or most basic steps that comprise administration. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 key (it) out:}{\f0  cause (it) to drop away without being erased. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Keynes: }{\f0 John Maynard Keynes (1883 - 1946), English economist and writer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Keynes:}{\f0  John Maynard Keynes (1883 - 1946), English economist and writer. His economic theories, }{\f0\ul 
Keynesian economics, }{\f0 advocate using government policies and programs to increase employment through vast government spending in times of recession. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Keynes:}{\f0  John Maynard Keynes (1883 - 1946), English economist and writer. His economic theories, }{\f0\ul 
Keynesian economics, }{\f0 advocate using government policies and programs to increase employment through vast government spending in times of recession. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keynes:}{\f0  John Maynard Keynes (1883 - 1946), English economist and writer. His economic theories, }{\f0\ul Keynesian economics, }{\f0 
advocate using government policies and programs to increase employment through vast government spending in times of recession. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keynes:}{\f0  John Maynard Keynes (1883 - 1946), English economist and writer. His economic theories, }{\f0\ul Keynesian economics, }{\f0 advocate using government policies
 and programs to increase employment through vast government spending in times of recession. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keynes:}{\f0  John Maynard Keynes (1883 - 1946), English economist and writer.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Keynesian economics:}{\f0  the economic theories of John Maynard Keynes (1883 - 1946), English economist and writer. His theories advocate using government policies and programs to increase employment through vast government spending in times
 of recession. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Keynes, Lord:}{\f0  John Maynard Keynes (1883 - 1946), English economist and writer. His economic theories, }{\f0\ul Keynesian economics, }{\f0 
advocate using government policies and programs to increase employment through vast government spending in times of recession. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul keynote:}{\f0  the basic idea or ruling principle, as of a speech, policy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul keynote:}{\f0  the basic idea or ruling principle, as of a speech, policy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keynote:}{\f0  the basic idea or ruling principle, as of a speech, policy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 keynote:}{\f0  the basic idea or ruling principle, as of a speech, policy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keynote:}{\f0  the basic idea or ruling principle, as of a speech, policy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keynote:}{\f0  the basic idea or ruling principle. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul keynotes:}{\f0  basic ideas or ruling principles. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 key off:}{\f0  cause to release or separate from the reactive mind or some portion of it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 key-out:}{\f0  a release or separateness from the reactive mind or some portion of it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 key out:}{\f0  cause an engram (or engrams) to drop away without being erased. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 key out:}{\f0  cause to drop away without erasing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 key out:}{\f0  drop away without erasing. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 key out:}{\f0  release or separate from the reactive mind or some portion of it. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 key out:}{\f0  release or separate from the reactive mind or some portion of it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 key out:}{\f0  release or separate from the reactive mind or some portion of it. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 key-out:}{\f0  release or separateness (from the reactive mind or some portion of it). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 keys: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  things compared to a key, with its power of locking or unlocking; that which opens up, or closes, the way to something; that which gives opportunity for or precludes an action, state of things, etc.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 keys:}{\f0  regulates or adjusts (actions, thoughts, speech, etc.) to a particular state or activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keys in: }{\f0 restimulates; reactivates the past memory of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 key (something) in:}{\f0  restimulate (something). A }{\f0\ul key-in}{\f0 
 is a moment when the environment around the awake but fatigued or distressed individual is itself similar to the dormant (inactive) engram. At that moment the engram becomes active. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 keys out:}{\f0  causes (something in the reactive mind) to drop away without being erased. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 keys out:}{\f0  releases or separates from the reactive mind or some portion of it. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 keystone:}{\f0  that one of a number of associated parts or things that supports or holds together the others; main part or principle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Key to the Unconscious, A:}{\f0  a book published by L. Ron Hubbard in 1952. It contained processes derived from the basic axioms of Dianetics and aimed to rehabilitate the individual's ability to differentia
te in general. It can now be found in Technical Bulletin Volume 1. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 KGB:}{\f0 
 the intelligence and internal-security agency of the Soviet Union, organized in 1954 and responsible for enforcement of security regulations, protection of political leaders, the guarding of borders and secret or underhanded operations abroad. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 KGO-TV:}{\f0  a television station in San Francisco, California. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kha-Khan:}{\f0 
 a title which signifies a person who is a consistently producing, high-statistic staff or crew member or executive. The term comes from a practice in an ancient army where a particularly brave deed was recognized by an award of the title of Kha-Khan. The
 person remained what he was, but was entitled to be forgiven the death penalty ten times in case in the future he did anything wrong.  \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khan:}{\f0  a title given to Genghis Khan and his successors, who ruled the tribes of central Asia and dominated most of Asia during the Middle Ages. The title }{\f0\ul khan}{\f0  means \ldblquote lord\rdblquote  or \ldblquote prince.\rdblquote  }
{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Genghis Khan. }{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Webster's New World Dictionary, Third College Edition}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 khan:}{\f0  a title of sovereignty given to the successors of Genghis Khan, who ruled the tribes of central Asia and dominated most of Asia during the Middle Ages. The title }{\f0\ul khan}{\f0  means \ldblquote lord\rdblquote  or \ldblquote 
prince.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Genghis Khan}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Middle Ages}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 khan:}{\f0 
 a title of sovereignty given to the successors of Genghis Khan, who ruled the tribes of central Asia and dominated most of Asia during the Middle Ages (the period of European history between ancient and modern times, a.d. 476 - ca. 1450). The title }{
\f0\ul khan}{\f0  means \ldblquote lord\rdblquote  or \ldblquote prince.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Genghis Khan}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 khatinkas:}{\f0  humorous reference to }{\f0\ul khat}{\f0  plants, evergreen shrubs whose twigs and leaves are sold in Arabian markets. A beverage is made from the twigs and le
aves which has been used for centuries, with qualities similar to those of coffee and tea. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0  Nikita Sergeevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 64); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 64). \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0  Nikita Sergeevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 64); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 64). \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0 
 Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader, first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964) and premier of the Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). He urged peaceful coexistence between his country and Western nations. Within the Soviet bloc,
 however, Khrushchev sent troops into Poland and Hungary in 1956 against persons who resisted the communist government. He also aided the government of Fidel Castro in Cuba and had Soviet military missiles installed there but removed th
em at the insistence of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0 
 Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader, first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964) and premier of the Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). He urged peaceful coexistence between his country and Western nations while boasting about Sov
iet success in rocketry and missiles. Within the Soviet bloc he sent troops into Poland and Hungary in 1956 against persons who resisted the communist government. In 19
60, he gave support to Cuban revolutionary, Fidel Castro (1926 -  ), who had overthrown the Cuban dictator in 1959 and transformed that country into a communist state. Khruschev warned that Russia would support the Cuban people if the United States took a
ggressive actions against Cuba. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul Khrushchev:}{\f0 
 Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader, first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964) and premier of the Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). He urged peaceful coexistence
 between his country and Western nations. Within the Soviet bloc, however, Khrushchev sent troops into Poland and Hungary in 1956 against persons who resisted the communist government. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0 
 Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 64); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 64). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0  Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 64); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 64). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0  Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0  Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0  Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 1964).  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0  Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0  Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964); premier of Soviet Uni
on (1958 - 1964). He led a campaign called de-Stalinization, to remove the influence of the late premier Joseph Stalin from Soviet society. He urged peaceful coexistence between his country and western nations. Within the Soviet Bloc, however, Khrushchev 
sent troops into Poland and Hungary in 1956 against persons who resisted the communist government. He also aided the government of Fidel Castro in Cuba. He had Soviet military missiles installed there but removed them at the insistence of the United State
s. He was suddenly removed from power in October, 1964. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev:}{\f0 
 Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). He urged peaceful coexistence between his country and Western nations while boasting about Soviet suc
cess in rocketry and missiles. In September, 1959, Khrushchev made a 13-day tour of the United States which included a dinner in Washington, DC with American businessmen. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushchev, Jack:}{\f0 
 a humorous variation of the name Nikita Khrushchev, interchanged with the name John F. (Jack) Kennedy. Khrushchev (1894 - 1971) was a Soviet leader, first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964) and premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). He urged 
peaceful coexistence between his country and Western nations. Within the Soviet bloc, however, Khrushchev sent troops into Poland and Hungary in 1956 against persons who resisted t
he communist government. He also aided the government of Fidel Castro in Cuba and had Soviet military missiles installed there but removed them at the insistence of the United States. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Kennedy, Nikita}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Khrushki:}{\f0  a humorous reference to Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (1894 - 1971), Soviet leader; first secretary of the Communist Party (1953 - 1964); premier of Soviet Union (1958 - 1964). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul kick:}{\f0  (1) a strong but temporary interest, often an activity. (2) }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a thrill; pleasurable excitement. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul kick:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an intense, personal, usually temporary preference, habit or passion; a fad. (2) a jerk or jolt. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kick:}{\f0  a jerk or jolt. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kick: }{\f0 an intense, personal, usually temporary, preference, habit or passion; a fad. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul kick: }{\f0 an intense, personal, usually temporary, preference, habit or passion; a fad. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kick:}{\f0  a recoil, as of a gun. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kick:}{\f0  a strong but temporary interest, often an activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 kick: }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an intense, personal, usually temporary, preference, habit or passion; a fad. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 kick:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an intense, personal, usually temporary, preference, habit or passion; a fad. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul kick: }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an intense, personal, usually temporary, preference, habit or passion; a fad. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul kick:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a thrill; pleasurable excitement. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kick:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  pleasure; especially pleasurable excitement. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kick:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an interest or enthusiasm. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 kickback:}{\f0  a sharp, violent reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 kickback:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul throwback,}{\f0  an instance of a return to an earlier or more primitive type or condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kickback:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a sharp, violent reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kickback:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a sharp, violent reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kickback:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a sharp, violent reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 kickback:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a sharp, violent reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kickback:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  sharp, violent. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicked in:}{\f0  operational; activated; in effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kicked in the teeth: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  discouraged or disappointed very much. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kicked in the teeth:}{\f0  given an abrupt, often humiliating setback. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 kicked in the teeth:}{\f0  given an abrupt, often humiliating setback. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicked off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 died. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicked (something) off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  began, launched or started (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicked (something) off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  began, launched or started (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kicked the stuffings out of: }{\f0 gave a bad beating to. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 kick in:}{\f0  cause to become active. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kicking around: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 being thought about or discussed informally. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kicking around: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 being thought about or discussed informally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 kicking around: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 lying about, unnoticed or forgotten. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 kicking around: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  lying scattered arou
nd, especially in a casual or untidy fashion; being available, unused or unwanted. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicking around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  passing time idly; wandering from place to place aimlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kicking around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  passing time idly; wandering from place to place aimlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kicking around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  passing time idly; wandering from place to place aimlessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicking around:}{\f0  thought about or discussed informally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kicking back:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  recoiling suddenly and in an unexpected way. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicking back:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  recoiling suddenly and in an unexpected way. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 kicking (back):}{\f0  resistance, objection or complaint. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kicking in the head:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  giving unexpected scorn or insult when praise is expected. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 kicking in the head:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  giving unexpected scorn or insult when praise is expected.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicking off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  dying. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicking off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  getting started. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 kicking off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  getting started. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicking (one's) head in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  giving (one) unexpected scorn or insult when praise is expected. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicking up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  showing signs of not working right. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kickoff:}{\f0  a start, beginning. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kick off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  die. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kick, off (one's) own:}{\f0\ul  (colloquial)}{\f0  without asking for the help, advice, permission, etc., of any other person. A variation of }{\f0\ul off (one's) own bat.}{\f0 
 A reference to the score made by a player's own hits in games such as baseball and cricket. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kick over:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul kick up,}{\f0  cause trouble, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kick over:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul kick up,}{\f0  cause trouble, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kicks:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  thrills; pleasurable excitement. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul kicks: }{\f0 thrills; pleasurable excitement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kicks: }{\f0 thrills; pleasurable excitement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kicks, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only as a form of pleasure, excitement, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kicks in:}{\f0  makes active. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicks off: }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  dies. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kicks off: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  dies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kick (someone) in the teeth:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  give (someone) unexpected scorn or insult when praise was expected; reject (someone). }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kick (someone) out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  get rid of (someone); expel or dismiss (someone). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 kick (something) off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  begin, launch or start (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kick starter:}{\f0  a starter that operates by a downward kick on a pedal. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kicks the bucket:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 dies. The phrase comes from animals, about to be slaughtered for food and often being hung from a frame scaffold, kicking out as they are lifted into position. Their legs hit part of the frame whose French name, }{\f0\ul buchet,}{\f0 
 is the origin of the word }{\f0\ul bucket}{\f0 . \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul KID-
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kid:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a child or young person. (2) }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  deceive or fool in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kid:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a child or young person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 kid:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a child or young person. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kid:}{\f0  deceive or fool in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kid:}{\f0  deceive or fool in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kid:}{\b\f0\ul  (informal) }{\f0 deceive or fool in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kid:}{\b\f0\ul  (informal) }{\f0 deceive or fool in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kid:}{\f0 *** talk or deal jokingly with; banter; jest with. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 kiddie car:}{\f0  a toy vehicle for a small child, having three wheels and pushed with the feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kiddie car:}{\f0  a toy vehicle for a small child, having three wheels and pushed with the feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kiddie-car:}{\f0  a toy vehicle for a small child, having three wheels and pushed with the feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kiddies: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  children. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kiddies:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  children. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kidding:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  deceiving or fooling in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kidding:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  deceiving or fooling in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kidding:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  deceiving or fooling in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kidding:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  deceiving or fooling in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kidding:}{\f0  deceiving, fooling or teasing playfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kidding:}{\b\f0\ul  (informal) }{\f0 deceiving or fooling in a playful way. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul kidding:}{\f0  talking or dealing jokingly with; bantering; jesting with. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kidding, no:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation of doubt or surprise meaning }{\f0\ul I can hardly believe it.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kidding, no:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation of doubt or surprise meaning }{\f0\ul I can hardly believe it.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kiddy car: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a toy vehicle for a small child, having three wheels and pushed with the feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kids:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  children or young persons. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kids:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  children or young persons. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kid's stuff:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  something appropriate only for children. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kid's stuff:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  something appropriate only for children. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kid stuff:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  something appropriate only for children. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kilauea:}{\f0  the crater on the east side of Mauna Loa, a volcano in the Hawaii Volcanoes National Park in south central Hawaii. It is two miles wide and the largest active crater in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 killer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an extremely successful, impressive, exciting, etc. person or thing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 killer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an extremely successful, impressive, exciting, etc., person or thing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 killer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an extremely successful, impressive, exciting, etc., person or thing.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 killer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an extremely successful, impressive, exciting, etc., person or thing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 killer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an extremely successful, impressive, exciting, etc., person or thing. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 killer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something devastating, difficult, hard to cope with, etc. }{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 killer-diller:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  remarkable, wonderful, superior, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 killer-diller:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  remarkable, wonderful, superior, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 killeroo:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul killer}{\f0  (slang for something or someone having a formidable impact, devastating effect, etc.) and }{\f0\ul -eroo}{\f0  (a humorous slang suffix added to nouns). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{
\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 killers:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  things that are remarkable, wonderful, superior, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kills:}{\f0  stops; turns off. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 kill two birds with one pc:}{\f0  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul kill two birds with one stone,}{\f0 
 meaning to accomplish two objectives with a single action. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 kiloton: }{\f0 an explosive force equal to that of 1,000 tons of TNT. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul TNT }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 kilotons: }{\f0 measurements of explosive force equal to that of 1,000 tons of TNT. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kilowatt:}{\f0  a unit measuring electrical power which is equal to 1000 watts or 1.34 horsepower. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kilowatt:}{\f0  a unit of power equal to 1000 watts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 kilowatts:}{\f0  units of power equal to 1000 watts. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kilroy:}{\f0  from the phrase \ldblquote Kilroy was here,\rdblquote 
 which, during World War II was found written up wherever the Americans had been. Its origin is unknown, but one suggestion is that a certain shipyard inspector at Quincy, Massachusetts chalked up the words on material he had inspected. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kimonos: }{\f0 loose, wide-sleeved robes, fastened at the waist with a wide sash. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 kindled:}{\f0  aroused or excited (interest, feelings, etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 kinesthesia: }{\f0 the sensation of position, movement, tension, etc., of parts of the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 kinetic:}{\f0  something which has motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 kinetic:}{\f0  the sense of motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kinetic:}{\f0  the sense of motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kinetics:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physics) }{\f0 the branch of mechanics that deals with the actions of forces in producing or changing the motion of masses. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kinetics:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physics) }{\f0 the branch of mechanics that deals with the actions of forces in producing or changing the motion of masses. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kinetics:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physics) }{\f0 the branch of mechanics that deals with the actions of forces in producing or changing the motion of masses. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kinetics:}{\f0  the branch of physics that deals with the effects of forces in causing or changing the motion of objects. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kinetics:}{\f0  things which have motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 king:}{\f0  a playing card with a picture of a king on it. }{\b\f0  \emdash }{\b\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kingbolt:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul kingpin: }{\f0 a main or large bolt in a mechanical structure. In an automobile steering system it is the pivot point to which is attached the axle on which the wheel rotates. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 King Carlos:}{\f0  Juan Carlos I (1938 -  ), king of Spain from November 1975. He became Spain's first king in forty-four years after it had been run by Francisco Franco as the dictator from 1939 to 1975. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 King, Cecil:}{\f0 
 Cecil Harmsworth King (1901 - 1987). He, along with Sir William Carr, were both directors of the UK National Association of Mental Health, the Bank of England and major UK newspaper chains. Both were outsted from their Bank of England and newspaper direc
torships in 1969. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Carr, Sir William}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Bank of England}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote kingdom of heaven is at hand, the\rdblquote :}{\f0  reference to a statement made by Jesus Christ when he first began to preach: \ldblquote Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}
{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 kingdoms:}{\f0  the three great divisions into which all natural objects have been classified (the animal, vegetable and mineral kingdoms). \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 King Henry VIII:}{\f0  (1491 - 1547) a king of Engl
and in the early sixteenth century who was known for having six wives. With the support of his parliament he established himself as the head of the Christian Church in England. Though often headstrong and cruel, Henry made England an important power. He r
ebuilt the English Navy and fought several successful land battles with France and Scotland. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 King John:}{\f0  (1167 - 1216) King of England (1199 - 1216) who was forced to sign the Magna Carta. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Magna Carta}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 King of the Wood: }{\b\f0\ul see Frazer's Golden Bough}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 King of the Wood:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Frazer's Golden Bough}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 King of the Wood: }{\b\f0\ul see Frazer's Golden Bough}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 King of the Wood at Nemi:}{\f0  See }{\b\f0 Frazer's }{\b\f0\ul Golden Bough}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kingpin:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  the main or essential person or thing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 kingpin:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  the main or essential person or thing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 King's Mountain:}{\f0 
 a mountainous ridge in North and South Carolina. An area of this ridge just on the South Carolina side was the site of a battle in which British troops and American colonists loyal to Britain fought American revolutionary forces. The revolutionary forces
 were victorious. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor, }{\f0 from}{\f0\ul  Encyclopaedia Britannica.}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Kingville:}{\f0  a made-up name for a city. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kink:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a defect or flaw, especially a minor one. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Kinsey:}{\f0  Alfred Charles Kinsey (1894 - 1956), American scientist who investigated the sexual behavior of men and women. In 1947 and 1948, he published books on his findings\'d1}{\f0\ul Sexual Behavior in the Human Male}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul 
Sexual Behavior in the Human Female}{\f0 \'d1popularly known as the }{\f0\ul Kinsey Reports,}{\f0  which shattered existing conceptions of the nature and extent of American sexual practices. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Kipling:}{\f0  Rudyard Kipling (1865 - 1936), English writer. He lived in and wrote popular tales about British India for many years. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kipling:}{\f0  Rudyard Kipling (1865 - 1936), English writer. He lived in and wrote popular tales about British India for many years. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Kipling:}{\f0  Rudyard Kipling (1865 - 1936), English writer. He lived in and wrote popular tales about British India for many years. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kipling:}{\f0  Rudyard Kipling (1865 - 1936), English writer. He was a prolific author of short stories, poems and novels about British India, most of which attained wide popularity. In 1907 he received the Nobel Prize for literature. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kipling:}{\f0  Rudyard Kipling (1865-1936), English writer. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul \ldblquote If\rdblquote }{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Kipling:}{\f0  Rudyard Kipling (1865-1936), English writer. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul \ldblquote If\rdblquote }{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kipling:}{\f0  Rudyard Kipling (1865-1936), English writer. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul \ldblquote If\rdblquote }{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kish:}{\f0  the name of a Scientologist at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 kismet:}{\f0  fate; destiny. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kiss (something) goodbye:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  accept or infer the fact that (something) is irrevocably gone. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kit and caboodle, the whole:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  the whole lot of persons or things; all of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kit and caboodle, the whole: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  the whole lot of persons or things; all of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kitchen sink:}{\f0  the final item imaginable on any extensive list of usually disparate items. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kitchen sink:}{\f0  the final item imaginable on any extensive list of usually disparate items. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kitchen sink, the:}{\f0  the final item imaginable on any extensive list of usually disparate items. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kite, go fly a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  go away at once. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kite, go fly a: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 go away; leave. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Kit-Kat\rdblquote : }{\f0 
a made-up name for a nightclub, an establishment for evening entertainment, generally open until the early morning, that serves liquor and usually food and offers patrons music, comedy acts, a floor show or dancing; nightspot. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 kitterwigit:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kiwanis:}{\f0 
 an international group of clubs of business and professional men, organized in Detroit in 1915 to promote civic service and higher ideals in business and professional life. The name is thought to derive from an American Indian word meaning \ldblquote 
to make oneself known.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kiwanis:}{\f0  an organization of business and professional men, founded in Detroit in 1915 to promote civic service and higher ideals in business and professional life. The name is thought to derive from an American Indian word meaning 
\ldblquote to make oneself known.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kiwanis Club:}{\f0  an international group of clubs of business and professional men, organized in Detroit, Michigan (US) in 1915 to promote civic service and higher ideals in business and professional life. }{\f0\ul Kiwanis }{\f0 
is said to be from the American Indian word }{\f0\ul keewanis,}{\f0  to make (oneself) known. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Kleenex: }{\b\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a brand name for a soft, disposable paper tissue, used especially as a handkerchief. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kleenex:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft tissue paper used as a handkerchief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Kleenex:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft tissue paper used as a handkerchief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kleenex:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft tissue paper used as a handkerchief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kleenex:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft tissue paper used as a handkerchief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Kleenex:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft tissue paper used as a handkerchief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kleenex:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft tissue paper used as a handkerchief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kleenex: }{\b\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft tissue paper used as a handkerchief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kleenex:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft tissue paper used as a handkerchief, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kleptomania: }{\b\f0\ul (psychology) }{\f0 an irresistible impulse to steal, stemming from emotional disturbance rather than economic need. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kleptomania:}{\b\f0\ul  (psychology) }{\f0 an irresistible impulse to steal, stemming from emotional disturbance rather than economic need. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 kleptomania:}{\b\f0\ul  (psychology) }{\f0 an irresistible impulse to steal, stemming from emotional disturbance rather than economic need. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kleptomania:}{\f0  (psychology) an irresistible impulse to steal, stemming from emotional disturbance rather than economic need. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kleptomaniac:}{\f0  a person suffering from an uncontrollable tendency to steal things, with no desire to use or profit by them. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 kleptomaniacs:}{\f0  a term used in psychoanalysis to describe persons with an irresistible urge to steal, stemming from emotional disturbance rather than economic need. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89

\par }{\b\f0 Klipinger:}{\f0  humorous variation of }{\f0\ul Kiplinger, }{\f0 a publisher in Washington, DC. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 klughflat:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knack:}{\f0  special skill, talent or aptitude. \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 knight:}{\f0  a chess piece shaped like a horse's head, moved one square vertically and then two squares horizontally or one square horizontally and then two squares vertically. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul chess}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knock:}{\f0  a hard stroke or thump. Used figuratively in the lectures in reference to a read on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 knock:}{\f0  a hard stroke or thump. Used figuratively in this lecture in reference to a read on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knockdown-drag-out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  characterized by great violence, especially hand-to-hand; rough; violent; raging.}{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knockdown-drag-out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  characterized by great violence, especially hand-to-hand; rough; violent; raging. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knockdown-drag-out:}{\f0  (US slang) a fight characterized by great violence, especially hand-to-hand; a rough, violent or raging fight. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knockdown-drag-out: }{\b\f0\ul (US slang)}{\f0  characterized by great violence, especially hand-to-hand; rough; violent; raging. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knockdown-drag-out:}{\b\f0\ul  (US slang)}{\f0  characterized by great violence, especially hand-to-hand; rough; violent; raging. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 knockdown-drag-out:}{\b\f0\ul  (US slang)}{\f0 
 characterized by great violence, especially hand-to-hand; rough; violent; raging. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 knockdown-drag-out:}{\b\f0\ul *** (US slang)}{\f0 
 characterized by great violence, especially hand-to-hand; rough; violent; raging. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 knocked around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  treated roughly. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 knocked around:}{\b\f0\ul  (colloquial)}{\f0  treated roughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocked hell out of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 hit or treated very violently. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocked (him) off:}{\f0  murdered (him). \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 knocked off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  accomplished. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 knocked off:}{\f0  murdered. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul knocked off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  killed, overcome, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 knocked out:}{\f0  defeated, destroyed, etc. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knocked out:}{\f0  made unconscious. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knocked (someone) off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  murdered (someone). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocked (someone) out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  eliminated or got rid of (someone). \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocked (something) out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 eliminated or got rid of (something).  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocking:}{\f0  stroking or thumping hard. Used figuratively in this lecture in reference to reads on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocking around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  wandering about; roaming. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 knocking (it) out:}{\f0  rendering (it) useless or inoperative. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 knocking off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  accomplishing. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knocking off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  killing or overcoming. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 knocking off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  killing, overcoming, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 knocking (oneself) off:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  killing (oneself). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knocking on wood:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0 
 an expression used to show hope that the good fortune one has just mentioned will not stop or that something unpleasant will not happen. The speaker often touches an article made of wood for luck. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 knocking out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  putting out of operation; diminishing. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocking out: }{\f0\ul (US colloquial) }{\f0 eliminating; getting rid of; destroying.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 knocking (somebody's) block off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  hitting (somebody) very hard; beating (somebody) up. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocking (somebody's) block off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  hitting (somebody) very hard; beating (somebody) up. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocking (somebody's) head off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  hitting (somebody) very hard; beating (somebody) up. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocking (something) home:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul bringing (something) home,}{\f0  making (something) clearly evident. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knocking (something) in the head:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  criticizing (something) severely; dispraising (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (it) in the head:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  criticize (it) severely; dispraise (it). \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 knock (it) off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  kill (it); stop (it) from working. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 knock it off: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stop doing or saying something. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock it off:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stop doing or saying something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 knock it off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stop doing or saying something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock me down with a feather:}{\f0  an expression of surprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 knock needles down:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul shake a meter down.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul shaking a meter down}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 knock off: }{\f0 (1) }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 stop doing something; quit. (2)}{\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  kill, overcome, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock off:}{\f0  cease an activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 stop doing something; quit. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 knock off:}{\f0  kill. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock off: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 kill.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 knock off: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 kill. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 knock off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 kill. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 knock off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stop doing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (one) colder than ice:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 render (one) completely unconscious with a blow or strike. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (one) in the head:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  criticize (one) severely; dispraise (one). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (one's) block off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  hit (one) very hard; beat (one) up. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (oneself) off:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  kill (oneself). \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (oneself) out:}{\f0  render (oneself) useless or inoperative. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (one's) head off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  hit (one) very hard; beat (one) up. \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (one's) own block off: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  hit (one) very hard; beat (one) up. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knockout:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (boxing)}{\f0  a victory won when the opponent is knocked unconscious. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knockout:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a person or thing overwhelmingly attractive, appealing or successful. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 knock out: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  put out of operation; diminish. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 knock out: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  render useless or inoperative; eliminate; get rid of. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock out:}{\f0  render useless or inoperative. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 knockout drops:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a drug put into a drink to cause the drinker to become stupefied or unconscious. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock right off:}{\f0  die. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (somebody) off:}{\f0  murder (somebody). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock somebody's block off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 hit or strike somebody hard; beat somebody. Referring to striking someone so hard that his head (block) is knocked off. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (somebody's) block off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 hit or strike (somebody) hard; beat (somebody). Referring to striking someone so hard that his head (block) is knocked off. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knock (somebody's) block off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 hit or strike (somebody) hard; beat (somebody). Referring to striking someone so hard that his head (block) is knocked off. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knock somebody's block off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 to hit or strike someone hard; beat someone. Referring to striking someone so hard that his head (block) is knocked off. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #7, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knock (someone) colder than ice:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  knock (someone) completely unconscious. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (someone) off: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  kill or overcome (someone). \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knock (someone or something) off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  kill (someone or something). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (something) in the head:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  put an end to (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (something) off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stop doing or saying (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knock (something) out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 eliminate or get rid of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knock (something) together:}{\f0  make or compose (something) hastily or crudely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knocks out:}{\f0  makes unworkable or unusable. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knock (that) flat:}{\f0  bring an end to (that); bring (that) to nothing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knock (your) head off on:}{\f0  make a considerable effort on; apply (oneself) energetically (to the point of exhaustion) to. A variation of }{\f0\ul knock oneself out.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knots, making:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 going very fast. A variation of }{\f0\ul at a rate of knots, }{\f0 very fast. From }{\f0\ul knots, }{\f0 
the speed of boats and ships which was formerly measured by counting how many knots tied at regular points along a rope ran out in a particular length of time. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knots, tie (oneself) into:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  cause (oneself) to become confused and uncertain.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knots, tie (someone) up in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  cause (someone) to become confused and uncertain.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knots, tying (one) up in: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  causing (one) to become confused and uncertain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 know-how: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  knowledge of how to do something well; technical skill. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 know-how: }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  knowledge of how to do something well; technical skill. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 know-how: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  knowledge of how to do something well; technical skill. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness: }{\b\f0\ul 1.}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. }{\f0\ul 2.}{\f0 
 Knowingness depends upon certainty. \'d1}{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to
 look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0 
 awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0 *** awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0 *** awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. Knowingness depends upon certainty. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul knowingness:***}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live.\emdash }{\f0\ul 
Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{
\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{
\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knowingness:}{\f0  awareness not depending upon perception. One doesn't have to look to find out. For example, you do not have to get a perception or picture of where you are living to know where you live. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 know, in the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  possessing inside, secret or special information. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Knowledge Reports:}{\f0  reports written by persons who have knowledge of some out-ethics, off-policy or destructive action or omission. Knowledge reports are sent to Ethics for investigation and handling. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale:}{\f0 
 a scale which includes: Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Eat, Sex, Mystery. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale: }{\f0 a scale which includes: Not-Know, Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Ev
erything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 
(app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale: }{\f0 
a scale which includes: Not-Know, Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For further information, see the
 book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale: }{\f0 
a scale which includes: Not-Know, Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For further information, see the
 book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale: }{\f0 a scale which includes: Not-Know, Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, 
Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale:}{\f0 
 a scale which includes: Not-Know, Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For further 
information, see the book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale: }{\f0 
a scale which includes: Not-Know, Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For further information, see the
 book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale: }{\f0 a scale which includes: Not-Know,
 Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale:}{\f0  a scale which includes: Not-Know, Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condens
ation or reduction of knowingness. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Mystery Scale:}{\f0 
 a scale which includes: Not-Know, Know, Look, Emotion, Effort, Think, Symbols, Sex, Eat, Mystery, Wait, Unconsciousness. Everything on the Know to Mystery Scale is simply a greater condensation or reduction of knowingness. For further information, see th
e book }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Secret Scale:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul see }{\b\f0\ul Know to Mystery Scale. \emdash 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Sex Scale:}{\f0  a scale of behavior, patterned on the Tone Scale, which starts at the top with Know and goes downscale to Sex. This is an earlier version of the Know to Mystery Scale. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Know to Mystery Scale}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Sex Scale:}{\f0  a scale of behavior, patterned on the Tone Scale, which starts at the top with Know and goes down scale to Sex. This is an earlier version of the Know to Mystery Scale. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Know to Mystery Scale}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Know to Sex Scale:}{\f0  a scale of behavior, patterned on the Tone Scale, which starts at the top with Know and goes down scale to Sex. This is an earlier version of the Know to Mystery Scale. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Know to Mystery Scale}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knucklebones and feathers:}{\f0  reference to instruments used in ancient times to foretell the future, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knuckle down:}{\f0  apply oneself vigorously and earnestly; become serious. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckled under:}{\f0 *** in a state or condition of submission. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 knuckle-duster:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a person who fights well, frequently, with enthusiasm, or unfairly. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckle-dusters:}{\f0  a knuckle-guard that, made of metal, both protects the hand and gives brutal force to a blow. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead:*** }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul knucklehead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knucklehead: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stupid. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stupid. }{\f0\ul Only, don't be knuckleheaded and try to get an A\'d1a high TA down with an ARC break.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheaded:}{\f0  stupid. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheadedly:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  stupidly; in a bumbling, inept fashion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #2, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheadedly:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupidly. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheadedly:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupidly. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheadedness:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupidity. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckleheadedness:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupidness. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 knuckle under:}{\f0  submit, yield. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Koenig photometer:}{\f0  a sound impulse measuring device. It has a small flame and a spinning mirror. By channeling sound impulses at the flame and spinning the mirror, one gets a pattern or graph of reaction of the sound. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Koenig photometer:}{\f0  a sound impulse measuring device. It has a small flame and a spinning mirror. By channeling sound impulses at the flame and spinning the mirror, one gets a pattern or graph of reaction of the sound. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Dianetics Cassette Glossary}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Koenig photometer:}{\f0  a sound impulse measuring device. It has a small flame and a spinning mirror. By channeling sound impulses at the flame and spinning the mirror, one gets a pattern or graph of reaction of the sound. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Koenig photometer:}{\f0  a sound impulse measuring device. It has a small flame and a spinning mirror. By channeling sound impulses at the flame and spinning the mirror, one gets a pattern or graph of reaction of the sound. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Koenig photometer:}{\f0  a sound impulse measuring device. It has a small flame and a spinning mirror. By channeling sound impulses at the flame and spinning the mirror, one gets a pattern or graph of reaction of the sound. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kohinoor diamond:}{\f0  a very large and famous diamond that is now one of the British crown jewels. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kohinoor diamond:}{\f0  a very large and famous diamond that is now one of the British crown jewels. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kokokomo:}{\f0  a made-up name for a small town, coined from Kokomo, a small city in north central Indiana, US.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kokono County:}{\f0  a made-up name for a county. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Komodo dragon:}{\f0  a large, flesh-eating lizard of certain Indonesian islands east of Java, that grows to a length of 10 feet; the largest lizard in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Komroff, Manuel:}{\f0  (1890 - 1974) American writer born in New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Konigsberg:}{\f0  the German name of Kaliningrad, an industrial and commercial seaport in Russia, connected with the Gulf of Danzig (a wide inlet of the South Baltic Sea, North Poland). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 kooks:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 persons regarded as silly, eccentric, crazy, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #9, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kooky:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  strange or foolish. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kooky:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  strange or foolish. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kool:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  brand name of a type of menthol cigarettes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kootenay:}{\f0  a reference to the land through which the Kootenay River runs in Montana. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Koran:}{\f0  the sacred book of Islam. In Muslim belief, it contains revelations made to Mohammed by Allah. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Allah}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Koran:}{\f0  the sacred book of Islam. Moslems believe that the teachings of the Koran were revealed by God to the prophet Mohammed. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Koran:}{\f0  the sacred book of Islam. Moslems believe that the teachings of the Koran were revealed by God to the prophet Mohammed. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Koran:}{\f0  the sacred book of Islam. Moslems believe that the teachings of the Koran were revealed by God to the prophet Mohammed. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korean War:}{\f0  a war, also called the Korean conflict, fought between the United Nations and Communist North Korea. In 1950, after North Korea invaded South Korea, the United 
Nations declared North Korea the aggressor and sent troops, mostly from United States forces, to aid the South Korean army. In 1953, with neither side having a prospect of victory, a truce was signed. After the war, it was discovered that captured America
n soldiers had been brainwashed by the communists during the war. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Korean War:}{\f0  a war, also called the Korean conflict, fought in the early 1950s between the United Nations and Communist North Korea. The war began in 195
0, when North Korea invaded South Korea. The United Nations declared North Korea the aggressor and sent troops, mostly from United States forces, to aid the South Korean army. In 1953, with neither side having a prospect of victory, a truce was signed. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korean War: }{\f0 the war 1950-53, between North Korea, aided by Communist China, and South Korea, aided by the US and other United Nations members forming a United Nations armed force. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Korean War: }{\f0 the war 1950 - 1953, between North Korea, aided by Communist China, and South Korea, aided by the US and other United Nations members forming a United Nations armed force. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Korean War: }{\f0 the war 1950 - 1953, between North Korea, aided by Communist China, and South Korea, aided by the US and other United Nations members forming a United Nations armed force. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Korean War:}{\f0  the war (1950 - 1953) between North Korea, aided by Communist China, and South Korea, aided by the US and other United Nations members forming a United Nations armed force. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski, Alfred: }{\f0 (1879 - 1950), American scientist and writer; president and director of the Institute of General Semantics, Chicago, 1938 - 50. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul general semantics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski, Count:}{\f0  Alfred Korzybski (1879-1950), Polish-born American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski, Count Alfred:}{\f0  (1879 - 1950) American scientist and writer; developed the subject of general semantics, a methodology that attempts to improve human behavior through a critical use of words and symbols. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Korzybski, Count Alfred:}{\f0  (1879 - 1950) Polish-born American scientist and writer who developed the subject of general semantics. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul general semantics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{
\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 kosher:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 proper, legitimate. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul kosher:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 proper; legitimate. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kosher:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 proper; legitimate. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kowtow:}{\f0  be very humble in showing obedience and respect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin:}{\f0  Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist; divided mental disturbances into various classifications. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin: }{\f0 Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin:}{\f0  Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin:}{\f0  Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin:}{\f0  Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kraepelin: }{\f0 Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kraepelin:}{\f0  Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin: }{\f0 Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin: }{\f0 Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin: }{\f0 Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin:}{\f0  Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kraepelin:}{\f0 Emil Kraepelin (1856 - 1926), German psychiatrist who developed a system of psychiatric classification. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Krafft-Ebing:}{\f0  Baron Richard von Krafft-Ebing (1840 - 1902), German neurologist and author of works on sexual pathology. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Krag-J\'f6rgensen:}{\f0  Norwegian-designed rifle used by US forces at the turn of the century. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Krakatoa:}{\f0  an active volcano in west Indonesia, f
orming an island between Java and Sumatra. The volcano is famous for its 1883 eruption, one of the most violent of modern times, which darkened skies and scattered debris over a very wide area. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Krakatoa:}{\f0 
 an active volcano in west Indonesia, forming an island between Java and Sumatra. The volcano is famous for its 1883 eruption, one of the most violent of modern times, which darkened skies over vast areas and scattered debris over a very wide area. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Concise Columbia Encyclopedia }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Krapunkin:}{\f0  a made-up name for a place. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 K rations:}{\f0  an emergency field ration for US armed forces when other food or rations are not available. The \ldblquote K\rdblquote  stands for Ancel }{\f0\ul Keys }{\f0 (born 1904), American physiologist. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Kremlin:}{\f0  a fortress in central Moscow that contained the central offices of the government of the Soviet Union.}{\f0\ul  \emdash Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Kremlin:}{\f0  a fortress in central Moscow that contains the central offices of the government of the Soviet Union. The term }{\f0\ul Kremlin}{\f0  is also used figuratively to mean the Soviet government. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kremlin:}{\f0  a fortress in central Moscow that contains the central offices of the government of the Soviet Union. The term }{\f0\ul Kremlin}{\f0  is also used figuratively to mean the Soviet government. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kremlin:}{\f0  a fortress in central Moscow that contains the central offices of the government of the Soviet Union. The term }{\f0\ul Kremlin}{\f0  is also used figuratively to mean the Soviet government. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kremlin:}{\f0  the chief office of the government of the Soviet Union, in Moscow. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kremlin:}{\f0  the chief office of the government of the Soviet Union, in Moscow. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kremlin:}{\f0  the chief office of the government of the Soviet Union, in Moscow. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Kremlin:}{\f0  the chief office of the government of the Soviet Union, in Moscow. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Krishna:}{\f0  incarnation of Vishnu, one of the three chief deities of Hinduism. In }{\f0\ul Bhagavad-Gita}{\f0 
, a major Hindu religious poem written sometime between the fifth and second century b.c., Krishna appeared as the charioteer for Arjuna, a general about to fight an epic battle. In his dialogue with Arjuna, Krishna conveys the teachings of God as they re
late to Arjuna's situation. He spoke 
of immortality through birth and rebirth, of the essential beingness of God in every person which does not die with the body and cannot be affected by the feelings of the body, such as heat and cold, pleasure and pain, and of how one must accept these fee
lings with an even mind if one is to be worthy of immortality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Krishna:}{\f0  (in Hindu religion) incarnation of Vishnu, one of the three chief gods. Vishnu is regarded by his worshippers as the preserver of the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. He wrote many books, including one called }{\f0\ul Commentaries on Living.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. He wrote many books, including one called }{\f0\ul Commentaries on Living.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. He wrote many books, including one called }{\f0\ul Commentaries on Living.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. He wrote many books, including one called }{\f0\ul Commentaries on Living.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the twentieth century. He wrote many books, including one called }{\f0\ul Commentaries on Living.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0 *** Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0 *** Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the twentieth century. He wrote many books, including one called }{\f0\ul Commentaries on Living.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{
\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  literature of Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. He wrote many books, including one called }{\f0\ul Commentaries on Living.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Krishnamurti:}{\f0  the writings of Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895 - 1986), Hindu philosopher, author and religious figure of the 20th century. }{\f0\ul  I've had somebody tell me that you could find everything there was in Scientology in Krishnamurti.}
{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #11, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kropotnicks:  }{\f0 made-up name for a currency. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 kropotnick, stake my bottom:}{\f0  be absolutely assured; count on it. A variation of the expression }{\f0\ul bet (one's) bottom dollar. Kropotnik }{\f0 is a made-up name for a currency. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 kropotnik, bet your bottom: }{\f0 be absolutely assured; count on it. A variation of }{\f0\ul bet your bottom dollar.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul Kropotnik }{\f0 is a made-up name for a currency. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Kruegers:}{\f0  reference to people like Felix Krueger (1874 - 1948), German philosopher and psychologist. He wrote a book called }{\f0\ul Relationships of Experimental Phonetics to Psychology}{\f0  in 1907. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Krupa, Gene:}{\f0  (1909 - 1973) a famous Polish-American jazz drummer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Krupas:}{\f0  those regarded as talented drummers, like Gene Krupa (1909 - 1973), a famous Polish-American jazz drummer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Krupas:}{\f0  those regarded as talented drummers, like Gene Krupa (1909 - 1973), a famous Polish-American jazz drummer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Kublai Khan:}{\f0 
 (1216 - 94) Mongol emperor in China (1260 - 94), who was known for the splendor of his court and his patronage of the arts and sciences. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 KUCDEI0 and F:}{\f0 *** abbreviation for }{\f0\ul K}{\f0 now, }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 nknow, }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 urious, }{\f0\ul D}{
\f0 esire, }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 nforce, }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nhibit, Absence of (No___) and }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 alsify, the C-D-E-I Scale Expanded. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  CDEI Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0 
 Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 K, U, C, D, E, I, 0, F:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul K}{\f0 now, }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 nknow, }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 urious, }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 esire, }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 nforce, }{\f0\ul I}{\f0 nhibit, Absence of (No___) and }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 
alsify, the C-D-E-I Scale Expanded. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  CDEI Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 kw:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul k}{\f0 ilo}{\f0\ul w}{\f0 att: a unit of power equal to 1000 watts. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 kw:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul k}{\f0 ilo}{\f0\ul w}{\f0 att; a unit of power equal to 1000 watts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }}