{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Narrow;}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvantGarde;}{\f18\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ITC Bookman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Light;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Black;}{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f22\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino;}
{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfChancery;}{\f24\fdecor\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfDingbats;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Marlett;}
{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609040504020204}Lucida Console;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504020204}Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02050604050505020204}Bookman Old Style;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}MS Outlook;}{\f31\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040602050305030304}Book Antiqua;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}
{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0706040902060204}Haettenschweiler;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f37\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho;}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0306030101010103}Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040603050505030304}Calisto MT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0705020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0507020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020202020204}Century Gothic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0806030902050204}Impact;}
{\f44\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010101010101}Lucida Handwriting;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504090204}Lucida Sans;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0504020203020204}News Gothic MT;}
{\f47\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02010509020102010303}OCR A Extended;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f60\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f142\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f205\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f206\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}
{\f208\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f211\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode CE;}{\f212\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Cyr;}
{\f214\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Greek;}{\f215\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Tur;}{\f217\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}
{\f220\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}
{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f228\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f241\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}
{\f265\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f266\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f268\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f269\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f270\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}
{\f307\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f310\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f312\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title L - LIF}
{\author Nino Bilic}{\operator Ergon Copeland}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords35524}{\nofchars202490}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws248671}{\vern71}}\margl1080\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale45\viewzk1\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul L - LIF
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 L4:}{\f0  List 4; in 1963, a list of possible sources of bypassed charge in running GPMs and all goals sessions. It has since been revised for the repair of all Listing and Nulling errors, and now has the designation of L4BRB (the letters 
\ldblquote B\rdblquote  and \ldblquote RB\rdblquote  indicate revisions made to the list). \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 L:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Location.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 LA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul L}{\f0 os }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ngeles, a seaport in southwestern California and second largest city in the US. It is the location of various Scientology organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 lab:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul laboratory:}{\f0  a room or building for scientific experimentation or research. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Labor Day: }{\f0 a national holiday in the United States and Canada in honor of working people. Labor Day is observed on the first Monday in September. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Laborite:}{\f0 
 of the Labor Party, in Great Britain, a major political party organized to protect and further the rights of workers. Originally formed as the Labor Representation Committee in 1900 it was renamed the Labor Party in 1906. Holding mildly socialist policie
s it rose quickly to power through the 30s and 40s. It caused increased nationalization of industry and enacted many social reforms, including a national health service. At the time of this lecture it was the leading political party in Britain. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 laborites:}{\f0  persons who support the interests of workers, such as members of the Labor Party in Great Britain, a political party organized to protect and further the rights of workers. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul laborites:}{\f0  supporters of the Labor Party, a major British political party organized to protect and further the rights of workers. O
riginally formed as the Labor Representation Committee in 1900, it was renamed the Labor Party in 1906. Holding mildly socialist policies it rose quickly to power through the 1930s and 1940s. It caused increased nationalization of industry and enacted man
y social reforms, including a national health service. At the time of this lecture it was the leading political party in Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Laborites:}{\f0  supporters of the Labor Party, a major British political party organized to prote
ct and further the rights of workers. Originally formed as the Labor Representation Committee in 1900 it was renamed the Labor Party in 1906. Holding mildly socialist policies it rose quickly to power through the 30s and 40s. It caused increased nationali
zation of industry and enacted many social reforms, including a national health service. At the time of this lecture it was the leading political party in Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Laborites:}{\f0  supporters of the Labor Party, a major British 
political party organized to protect and further the rights of workers. Originally formed as the Labor Representation Committee in 1900, it was renamed the Labor Party in 1906. Holding mildly socialist policies it rose quickly to power through the 1930s a
nd 1940s. It caused increased nationalization of industry and enacted many social reforms, including a national health service. At the time of this lecture it was the leading political party in Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Labor Party:}{\f0  a majo
r British political party organized to protect and further the rights of workers. Originally formed as the Labor Representation Committee in 1900 it was renamed the Labor Party in 1906. Holding mildly socialist policies it rose quickly to power through th
e 30s and 40s. It caused increased nationalization of industry and enacted many social reforms, including a national health service. At the time of this lecture it was the leading political party in Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Labor Party:}{\f0  a
 major British political party organized to protect and further the rights of workers. Originally formed as the Labor Representation Committee in 1900 it was renamed the Labor Party in 1906. Holding mildly socialist policies it rose quickly to power throu
gh the 1930s and 1940s. It caused increased nationalization of industry and enacted many social reforms, including a national health service. At the time of this lecture it was the leading political party in Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{
\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Labor Party:}{\f0  a major British political party organized to protect and further the rights of workers. Originally formed as the Labor Representation Committee in 1900, it was renamed the Labor Party in 1906. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 labor unions:}{\f0  associations of workers to protect and further the welfare, interests and rights of its members. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 labor unions:}{\f0  organizations of wage earners formed for the purpose of protecting the members' interests with respect to wages and working conditions. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 labyrinth:}{\f0  a structure containing an intricate network of winding passages hard to follow without losing one's way; a maze. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 labyrinth:}{\f0  literally, an intricate combination of paths or passages in which it is difficult to find one's way or to reach the exit. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 labyrinth:}{\f0  literally, an intricate combination of paths or passages in which it is difficult to find one's way or to reach the exit. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lackadaisical:}{\f0  without interest, vigor or determination; listless; lethargic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lackeys:}{\f0  male servants of low rank. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 lackluster:}{\f0  lacking liveliness, vitality, spirit or enthusiasm. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 LA convention:}{\f0  a reference to the US Grand National Convention, a convention held in Los Angeles during the first week of July 1970 in celebration of the 20th anniversary of Dianetics and Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ladd, Alan:}{\f0  (1913 - 1964) US actor. In the 1940s and 50s, Alan Ladd starred in many action and Western films in which he played slight variations of the tough but sensitive hero. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 
(app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ladder: }{\f0 a means or series of stages by which a person may advance in his career, etc.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Ladies' Aid Society:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Ladies' Aid Society:}{\f0  a made-up name for a society. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ladies' Aid Society:}{\f0  an organization of women who support the work of a church by fund-raising, arranging social activities, etc., and who also engage in reform activities. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lads:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  men; fellows. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lady Luck:}{\f0  a personification of luck as a lady bringing good or bad fortune. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lady Luck:}{\f0  a personification of luck as a lady bringing good or bad fortune. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lafayette, Marquis of:}{\f0 
 (1757 - 1834) French nobleman, political leader and general. He served as a general in the American army during the American Revolution (1775 - 1783) but returned to France after the war. He revisited America several times after that. During his visit in
 1824, he gave a speech at a reception held by the Columbia Historical Society. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 laid bare:}{\f0  uncovered, exposed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 laidies:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  ladies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 laid off:}{\f0  put aside. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 La Jolla:}{\f0  a section of San Diego, a city in Southern California, United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lake Kariba:}{\f0  a lake on the border between Zambia (formerly Northern Rhodesia) and Zimbabwe (formerly Southern Rhodesia). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lake Michigan:}{\f0  a lake bordered by Michigan to the north and east, Indiana to the south, and Illinois and Wisconsin to the west. Lake Michigan is the largest freshwater lake entirely within the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lake Tanganyika:}{\f0  a lake in central Africa, between Zaire and Tanzania. The longest freshwater lake in the world, about 450 miles long, 30 - 40 miles wide. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lake Tanganyika:}{\f0  lake in central Africa, between Zaire and Tanzania. The longest freshwater lake in the world, about 450 miles long, 30 - 40 miles wide.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lamaism:}{\f0  a form of Buddhism practiced in Tibet and Mongolia, characterized by elaborate ritual and belief in good and evil gods, demons, ancestral spirits, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89

\par }{\b\f0 Lamaism:}{\f0  a form of Buddhism practiced in Tibet and Mongolia, characterized by elaborate ritual and belief in good and evil gods, demons, ancestral spirits, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Lamaism:}{\f0  a form of Buddhism practiced in Tibet and Mongolia, characterized by elaborate ritual and belief in good and evil gods, demons, ancestral spirits, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lamaism:}{\f0  a form of Buddhism practiced in Tibet and Mongolia, characterized by elaborate ritual and belief in good and evil gods, demons, ancestral spirits, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lamaism:}{\f0  a form of Buddhism practiced in Tibet and Mongolia, characterized by elaborate ritual and belief in good and evil gods, demons, ancestral spirits, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lama prayer wheel:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Buddhism)}{\f0  a cylinder with prayers written on it. The prayer wheel is turned by some worshipers during prayer, or the turning may be used as a substitute for spoken prayers. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 La Mar:}{\f0  Jose De San Martin: (1778 - 1850) South American general and statesman. Fought the Spanish in South America during the same period as Simon Bolivar, and freed Chile and Peru from Spain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }
{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lamas:}{\f0  monks or priests of Lamaism, a form of Buddhism practiced in Tibet and Mongolia, characterized by elaborate ritual and belief in good and evil gods, demons, ancestral spirits, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lamaseries:}{\f0  monasteries of the lamas (Buddhist monks of Tibet and Mongolia). \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lamaseries:}{\f0  monasteries of the }{\f0\ul lamas,}{\f0  priests or monks of Lamaism, which is the Buddhism of Tibet and Mongolia. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lama temples:}{\f0  temples housing priests and monks of Lamaism, a form of Buddhism practiced in Tibet and Mongolia. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 lambasted:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  scolded or criticized. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lambkins:}{\f0  a person who is exceptionally sweet, young and innocent, as a small child. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lame: }{\f0 crippled; disabled; especially, having an injured leg or foot that makes one limp. \emdash }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0  (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 lamebrains: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  slow witted or stupid persons. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lamentable: }{\f0 deplorable; regrettable. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lamentable: }{\f0 deplorable; regrettable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lamented:}{\f0  mourned for, as one who is dead. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 lamp, servant of the:}{\f0  reference to a jinni (a supernatural being that can take human or animal form and either help or harm people) in a lamp who is under the control of a summoner. For example, in one of the stories of the }{\f0\ul 
Arabian Nights,}{\f0  a boy named Aladdin accidentally rubs a lamp and learns of its magic power as two jinnis appear to do his bidding. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lance corporal:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British Army)}{\f0  a private acting temporarily as a corporal. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lancelot, Sir:}{\f0  the bravest of the knights of the Round Table (a legendary order of knights created by King Arthur, a mythical king of ancient Britain) and lover of Queen Guinevere (Arthur's wife). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Land camera:}{\f0  a folding-type camera, capable of producing positive prints within one minute after the picture has been snapped. It was invented in 1947 by Edwin Herbert Land, an American inventor. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Land camera:}{\f0  a folding-type camera, capable of producing positive prints within one minute after the picture has been snapped. It was invented in 1947 by Edwin Herbert Land, an American inventor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 landed on your feet:}{\f0  got yourself out of trouble without damage or injury and sometimes with a gain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 landing: }{\f0 the area at the top or bottom of a staircase. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Landladies' Association:}{\f0  a made-up name for an association. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 landlubbers:}{\f0  originally confined to use as a name given to stupid and inefficient sailors by other sailors. It is now a contemptuous term by which sailors refer to nonsailors. The word lubber originally meant a big, clumsy fellow. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 landmark: }{\f0 an historic building, monument or site. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 land of the living: }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  the condition of being able or willing to take part in ordinary activities that a person returns to after sleep, an illness, period of being alone, etc. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Land Rover:}{\f0  a vehicle, manufactured by the British firm Rover, which is designed for cross-country driving. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Land Rover:}{\f0  a vehicle, manufactured by the British firm Rover, which is designed for cross-country driving. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Land Rover:}{\f0  a vehicle, manufactured by the British firm Rover, which is designed for cross-country driving. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 language locks:}{\f0  locks in which the main aberrative content is in terms of language. These may be considered symbolic restimulators of mest locks, which are more fundamental. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 Laning, Captain Cal:}{\f0  Caleb Barrett Laning (1906 -  ), who worked at the Naval Research Laboratory at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 *** error *** see errata file *** }{\f0 Lao-tse: (604 - 531 b.c.) one of the great philosophers of China. Author of }{\f0\ul Tao Te Ching,}{\f0  a book written in approximately 529 b.c. }{\f0\ul Tao}{\f0  means \ldblquote 
the way to solving the mystery which underlies all mysteries.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Lao-tse:}{\f0  (604 - 531 b.c.) one of the great philosophers of China. Author of the book }{\f0\ul Tao Te Ching. See also}
{\b\f0\ul  Tao}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lap, dump (something) in (someone's):}{\f0  cause (something) to be (someone's) responsibility. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lap, falls out in (one's):}{\f0  comes within (one's) reach, or into the power of (one). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 lap, falls out in (one's):}{\f0  comes within (one's) reach, or into the power of (one). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lap, in (one's):}{\f0  within (one's) reach or power. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lapis lazuli:}{\f0  a deep-blue, opaque stone which is a mixture of various minerals, used mainly as a gem or as a pigment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lapis lazuli:}{\f0 *** a deep-blue, opaque stone which is a mixture of various minerals, used mainly as a gem or as a pigment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 lap it up:}{\f0  drink it up. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 lap it up:}{\f0  drink it up. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 laps, dropped into (someone's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 (of a lucky or happy event) happened or came to a person, especially with no effort of his own. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lapse:}{\f0  a falling or slipping into a lower or worse condition, especially for a short time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lapse:}{\f0  fall or deviate from a previous standard; fail to maintain a normal or standard level. \emdash compiled }{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0 
 (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 large, at: }{\f0 as a whole; altogether. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5 Conditions Glossary}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 large, at:}{\f0  as a whole; altogether. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 large, at:}{\f0  as a whole; altogether. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 large, at: }{\f0 as a whole; altogether. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 large, at:}{\f0  as a whole; altogether. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 large, at:}{\f0  at liberty, free. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 lariat:}{\f0  a long rope with a sliding noose at one end, used to catch cattle or horses. Also called a }{\f0\ul lasso.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 larry:}{\f0  a large load or amount. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 laryngitis:}{\f0  inflammation of the larynx (the upper end of the windpipe, that contains the vocal cords), often with a temporary loss of voice. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 La Salle:}{\f0  the name of a correspondence school, which functions in a similar manner to ICS. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 ICS}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Las Palmas:}{\f0  the largest city in and a major port of the Canary Islands (a group of mountainous islands in the Atlantic Ocean, near the northwest coast of Africa). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Las Palmas:}{\f0  the largest city in and a major port of the Canary Islands (a group of mountainous islands in the Atlantic Ocean, near the northwest coast of Africa). \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 last:}{\f0  power of holding on or out; staying power. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last-ditch:}{\f0  done finally in desperation to avoid defeat, failure, disaster, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 last-ditch:}{\f0  done finally in desperation to avoid defeat, failure, disaster, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 last-ditch:}{\f0  of the last place that can be defended or the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 last ditch:}{\f0  the last place that can be defended; the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 last ditch:}{\f0  the last place that can be defended; the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 last ditch:}{\f0  the last place that can be defended; the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last ditch:}{\f0  the last place that can be defended; the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last ditch:}{\f0  the last place that can be defended; the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last ditch:}{\f0  the last place that can be defended; the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last ditch:}{\f0  the last place that can be defended; the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last ditch:}{\f0  the last place that can be defended; the last resort. Originally referring to soldiers defending a military position. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last dog, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  there are no other options remaining. A variation of the expression }{\f0\ul there are more ways of killing a dog than by hanging,}{\f0 
 meaning there is more than one way of achieving your objective. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 last hung dog, your:}{\f0  the last opportunity to achieve your objective. Taken from the expression }{\f0\ul \ldblquote There are more ways of killing a dog than by hanging,\rdblquote }{\f0 
 meaning there is more than one way of achieving your object. }{\f0\ul And that happens to be just about your last hung dog. \emdash SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 last legs, on one's:}{\f0  about to fail, collapse, die, etc.; at the end of one's resources. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 last rose of summer:}{\f0  reference to the poem \ldblquote The Last Rose of Summer\rdblquote  by Irish poet, Thomas Moore (1779 - 1852). One section of the poem reads: \ldblquote 
'Tis the last rose of summer, left blooming alone; all her lovely companions are faded and gone.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last, stick to (one's):}{\f0  keep to one's own work. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 last will and testament: }{\f0 a will; a legal statement of a person's wishes concerning the disposal of his or her property after death.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 last will and testament: }{\f0 
a will; legal statement of a person's wishes concerning the disposal of his or her property after death. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Las Vegas:}{\f0 
 a city in southeast Nevada in the western United States which abounds in bars, hotels, gambling and nightclubs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Las Vegas:}{\f0  a city in southeast Nevada in the western United States which abounds in bars, hotels, gambling and nightclubs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Las Vegas:}{\f0  a city in southeast Nevada in the western United States which abounds in bars, hotels, gambling and nightclubs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Las Vegas:}{\f0  a city in southeast Nevada in the western United States which abounds in bars, hotels, gambling and night clubs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Las Vegas:}{\f0  a city in southeast Nevada in the western United States which abounds in bars, hotels, gambling and nightclubs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Las Vegas:}{\f0  a city in southeast Nevada in the western United States which abounds in bars, hotels, gambling and nightclubs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Las Vegas:}{\f0  a city in southeast Nevada in the western United States which abounds in bars, hotels, gambling and nightclubs. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Latam:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Lat}{\f0 in }{\f0\ul Am}{\f0 erica, a continental area which includes Central and South America. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 latched up on:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul latched onto,}{\f0  attached itself to. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par latch on:*** grab or hold on, as to an object or idea, especially tightly or tenaciously. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 latch onto: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  get or obtain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 latchstring:}{\f0  a string passed through a hole in a door, for raising and unfastening a latch from the outside. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 late:}{\f0  recently dead. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 latent:}{\f0  not visible or apparent; hidden; dormant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lateral:}{\f0 *** of, at, from or toward the side; sideways. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 lathe: }{\f0 a machine for shaping an article of wood, metal, etc., by holding and turning it rapidly against the edge of a cutting or abrading tool. \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive, Final approval 31.10.89 }{\f0 also }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lathe: }{\f0 a machine for shaping an article of wood, metal, etc., by holding and turning it rapidly against the edge of a cutting or abrading tool. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lathe: }{\f0 a machine for shaping an article of wood, metal, etc., by holding and turning it rapidly against the edge of a cutting or abrading tool. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Latin:}{\f0  the language of ancient Rome. Latin is used today in many scholarly, technical, scientific and legal terms. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 latitude:}{\f0  freedom from narrow restrictions; freedom of opinion, conduct or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 latitude:}{\f0  freedom from narrow restrictions; freedom of opinion, conduct or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 latitude:}{\f0  freedom from narrow restrictions; freedom of opinion, conduct or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Latitudinal Bomb Festival:}{\f0  a made-up name for a festival. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 latterly:}{\f0  of late; nowadays. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 lattice: }{\f0 an open structure of crossed strips or bars of wood, metal, etc., used as a screen, support, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 laudable:}{\f0  deserving praise; praiseworthy; commendable. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 laudable:}{\f0  deserving praise; praiseworthy; commendable.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 laudatory:}{\f0  expressing praise; commendatory. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 laugh, gives to:}{\f0  causes one to laugh. \emdash }{\f0\ul Longman Dictionary of English Idioms}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 launching pad:}{\f0  a platform from which a rocket, guided missile, etc., is launched. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 launching pad:}{\f0  a platform from which a rocket, guided missile, etc., is launched. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 launching pad:}{\f0  the platform from which a rocket, guided missile, etc., is launched. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 launching pad:}{\f0  the platform from which a rocket, guided missile, etc., is launched. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 laurels, look to its:}{\f0  beware of having its achievements surpassed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 laurels, look to its:}{\f0  beware of having its achievements surpassed. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 laurels, sit on (one's):}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul rest on (one's) laurels, }{\f0 cease to strive for further successes or accolades. From the practice of the Greeks giving a wreath of laurels to the victor of the Pythian games. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lavetivor:}{\f0  a made-up name for a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 law of acceleration:}{\f0  one of the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton (1642 - 1727), English scientist and mathematician. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul laws of motion and interaction}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of acceleration:}{\f0 
 one of the three laws of motion formulated by Sir Issac Newton. It states that a force acting upon a body causes the body to accelerate in the direction of the force, the acceleration being directly proportional to the force and inversely proportional to
 the mass of the body. For example, a bicycle with one person on it will accelerate in direct proportion to the amount of force exerted on it and will decrease its acceleration when more mass, such as a passenger, is added to it, thus requiring more f
orce be exerted in order to increase the acceleration. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Newton }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 law of average:}{\f0  the idea that you can't win all the time or lose all the time. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of averages:}{\f0  the idea that you can't win all the time or lose all the time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dictionary of American Idioms.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 law of averages:}{\f0  the idea that you can't win all the time or lose all the time. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 law of averages:}{\f0  the idea that you can't win all the time or lose all the time. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of conservation of energy:}{\f0 
 the law in physics that energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be converted. For example, a cyclist converts food into energy, then uses the energy to pedal a bicycle which converts the energy into forward motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of gravity:}{\f0  the law that any two material particles or bodies, if free to move, will be accelerated towards each other with a force that is based on their masses and the distance between them. Also called }{\f0\ul law of gravitation.}{
\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of gravity:}{\f0  the law that every two particles of matter in the universe attract each other with a force that is based on their masses and the distance between them. Also called }{\f0\ul law of gravitation.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of gravity:}{\f0  the law that every two particles of matter in the universe attract each other with a force that is based on their masses and the distance between them. Also called }{\f0\ul law of gravitation.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of inertia:}{\f0  one of the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton (1642 - 1727), English scientist and mathematician. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul laws of motion and interaction}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of interaction:}{\f0  reference to one of the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul laws of motion and interaction}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 law of interaction:}{\f0  reference to one of the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul laws of motion }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Newton}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}
{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 law of interaction:}{\f0  reference to one of the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul laws of motion }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Newton}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}
{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 law of interaction:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  laws of motion}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of supply and demand:}{\f0 
 the economic statement that the competition of buyers and sellers tends to make such changes in price that the demand for any article in a given market will become equal to the supply. In other words, if demand exceeds the supply the price rises, operati
ng so as to reduce the demand and so enable the supply to meet it, and vice versa. \emdash }{\f0\ul Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 law of supply and demand:}{\f0 
 the economic statement that the competition of buyers and sellers tends to make such changes in price that the demand for any article in a given market will become equal to the supply. In other words, if demand exceeds the supply the price rises, operati
ng so as to reduce the demand and so enable the supply to meet it, and vice versa. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 law of supply and demand:}{\f0  the economic statement that the competition of buyers and sellers tends to make such change
s in price that the demand for any article in a given market will become equal to the supply. In other words, if demand exceeds the supply the price rises, operating so as to reduce the demand and so enable the supply to meet it, and vice versa. \emdash }
{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lawrence:}{\f0  a city in eastern Kansas, USA.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lawrence:}{\f0  D.H. (David Herbert) Lawrence (1885 - 1930), British author of the twentieth century. Two of his best-regarded works are }{\f0\ul Sons and Lovers}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Women in Love.}{\f0 
 Lawrence is known for his frank treatment of sex. His novel }{\f0\ul Lady Chatterley's Lover}{\f0  was banned as obscene in both Britain and the United States. In the US the ban was appealed to and overruled by the Supreme Court. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lawrence leather scabbard:}{\f0  an allusion to the scabbard (and therefore the sword) worn by Thomas Edward Lawrence (1888 - 1935), who became world famous as Lawrence of Arabia. A British soldier and writer, and one of the most adventurous pe
rsonalities of World War I, Lawrence helped organize the Arab revolt against Turkey, winning success as a leader of daring guerrilla raids. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 laws of motion:}{\f0 
 referring to the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton (1642 - 1727), English scientist and mathematician. These laws are intended to describe how all moving bodies on the Earth react: (1) a body at rest remains at rest and 
a body in motion remains in motion unless acted on by an external force; (2) the motion of a body changes in proportion to the size of the force applied to it; (3) every action produces an equal but opposite reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), 5th ACC Glossary Part 1.}{\f0  Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 laws of motion:}{\f0 
 the laws of gravitation and of motion as discovered by Isaac Newton (1642 - 1727), English mathematician and natural philosopher: (1) A body remains at rest or in motion with a constant velocity unless an external force acts on the body; (2) The su
m of the forces acting on a body is equal to the product of the mass of the body and the acceleration produced by the forces, with motion in the direction of the resultant of the forces; (3) For every force acting on a body, the body exerts a force having
 equal magnitude and the opposite direction along the same line of action as the original force. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 laws of motion:}{\f0  the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton. These laws are intend
ed to describe how all moving bodies on the Earth react: (1) a body at rest remains at rest and a body in motion remains in motion unless acted on by an external force; (2) the motion of a body changes in proportion to the size of the force applied to it;
 (3) every action produces an equal but opposite reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 laws of motion:}{\f0  the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton. These laws are intended to describe how all moving bodies on the Eart
h react: (1) a body at rest remains at rest and a body in motion remains in motion unless acted on by an external force; (2) the motion of a body changes in proportion to the size of the force applied to it; (3) every action produces an equal but opposite
 reaction.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Newton }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 laws of motion:}{\f0  the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton. These laws are intended to describe how all moving bodies on the Earth re
act: (1) a body at rest remains at rest and a body in motion remains in motion unless acted on by an external force; (2) the motion of a body changes in proportion to the size of the force applied to it; (3) every action produces an equal but opposite rea
ction.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Newton }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 laws of motion and interaction:}{\f0  three laws formulated by Sir Isaac Newton. These laws are intended to describe how all moving bodies on the Earth react: (1) a body at r
est remains at rest and a body in motion remains in motion unless acted on by an external force; (2) the motion of a body changes in proportion to the size of the force applied to it; (3) every action produces an equal but opposite reaction.}{\f0\ul 
 See also }{\b\f0\ul Newton }{\f0 in this glossary. }{\b\f0\ul [Definition of law of acceleration:}{\f0\ul  one of the three laws of motion and interaction formulated by Sir Isaac Newton (1642 - 1727), English scientist and mathematician.]}{\f0  \emdash }
{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote law suit\rdblquote  in England:}{\f0  a libel suit brought by the Church against a British member of Parliament who had publicly repeated defamatory statements about Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay:}{\f0  cause to be in a particular state or condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay:}{\f0  of the people of a church not belonging to the clergy (ministers, priests, etc. as a group). \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay a couple of eggs:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  fail; flop. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 lay a couple of eggs: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  fail; flop. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lay an egg:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  fail utterly; flop.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lay an egg: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  fail utterly; flop. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay doggo:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  keep quiet or unseen, especially to escape being caught. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay down:}{\f0  specify as a guide or rule. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lay eggs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  fail utterly; flop. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 laying on hands:}{\f0  giving an elementary assist for injury which has been known for ages, consisting, in its most basic form, of putting one's hands on the injured portion of the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 laying on hands:}{\f0  (in divine healing) placing the hands (of the healer) upon the person to be cured. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 laying on of hands:}{\f0  (in divine healing) placing the hands (of the healer) upon the person to be cured.}{\f0\ul  \emdash TR-10}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay it into: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  attack with words; scold. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lay off: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 cease or quit. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 cease or quit. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stop bothering, leave alone. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lays a god-awful egg: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fails completely. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul lays an egg.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lay (someone) ten to one:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  bet (someone) ten to one; i.e., if proved wrong about the outcome (of something), pay ten for every one wagered. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lays out: }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  spends or contributes money for. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lays the most eggs:}{\f0  fails the most. From}{\f0\ul  lay an egg,}{\f0  a slang phrase meaning \ldblquote 
fail utterly; flop.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lazarus: }{\f0 according to the Bible, a man brought back to life by Jesus after being in the tomb for four days. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lazarus: }{\f0 according to the Bible, a man brought back to life by Jesus after being in the tomb for four days. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lazybones:}{\f0  a lazy person. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 LD:}{\f0  abbreviation for lethal dose. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 lead:}{\f0  a heavy, soft, bluish-gray, metallic chemical used for piping and to mix with other metals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 lead:}{\f0  a heavy, soft, bluish-gray, metallic chemical used for piping and to mix with other metals.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 leading order of hens:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 in any organization or society, the hierarchy of status requiring that those below show respect for those above, etc. The term comes from the behavior of chickens that shows such a stratification of privilege. A variation of }{\f0\ul pecking order.}{\f0 
 \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Lead Kindly Light\rdblquote :}{\f0  a hymn by John Henry Newman (1801 - 1890), an English clergyman. In 1832 Newman toured Italy and felt an inadequacy in the Anglican Church. He became determi
ned to rescue the Church from laxity and on his way home to England wrote }{\f0\ul Lead Kindly Light}{\f0  as a statement of his new devotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  an absolute certainty. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle secure
ly) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddl
e was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0  refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks a
s if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee 
jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0  refers to a 
midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle
 strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped
 under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expa
nds its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse
 now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0  refers to a midwestern and western United States form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it we
re lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in th
e belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0  refers to a midwestern and wes
tern US form of iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tour
niquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe }{\f0 
refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped unde
r the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-call
ed lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the so
rt of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinc
hed tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe cinch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0  refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). Fo
r saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thu
s the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe crash:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a doubly sure failure. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch,}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lead-pipe question: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch,}{\f0  a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a midwestern and western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leads:}{\f0  electrical conductors (usually wires) conveying current from a source to a place of use. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 leads:}{\f0  electrical conductors (usually wires) conveying current from a source to a place of use. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 leads:}{\f0  electrical conductors (usually wires) conveying current from a source to a place of use. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-12}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leaned on:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 pressured, as by using influence or intimidating. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 leaning:}{\f0  exerting influence or pressure (on someone or something) in order to gain cooperation, maintain discipline or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leap full-armed:}{\f0  come into being suddenly, with no prior warning or preparation. In refere
nce to the mythological birth of Athena (Roman name Minerva), the Greek and Roman goddess of wisdom, who was said to have sprung, with a tremendous battle-cry, fully grown and fully armed from the head of her father. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 leap full-armed from the breath of somebody's hope:}{\f0 
 a reference to the fable from Roman mythology of the origin of Minerva, goddess of wisdom, arts, industries and prudent warfare, who was said to have sprung, full-grown and dressed in armor, from the forehead of Jove, her father. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leaps and bounds, by:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 very quickly. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 learned:}{\f0  of or characterized by scholarship, study and learning. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 learnedology:}{\f0  a coined word for a subject from }{\f0\ul learned,}{\f0  full of knowledge or learning; scholarly, and }{\f0\ul -ology,}{\f0  science, theory or doctrine of. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote learnedology\rdblquote :}{\f0  a humorous coined word meaning the science, theory or study of demonstrating profound knowledge or scholarship. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Learning Processes: }{\f0 educational processes which bring about an ability to }{\f0\ul know}{\f0 
 a datum as opposed to simply knowing it as a recall. The processes themselves can be found in }{\f0\ul Professional Auditor's Bulletin }{\f0 110 in the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 leash, straining at the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0 
 showing great eagerness (to do something or to be free from rules or limits); being impatient. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leave:}{\f0  the period of time during which permission has been given to be absent from duty or work. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leave in the lurch: }{\f0 leave in an uncomfortable or desperate situation; desert in time of trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Leavenworth:}{\f0  a federal and military prison located in Leavenworth, a city in northeast Kansas, US. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leavenworth:}{\f0  a federal and military prison located in Leavenworth, a city in northeast Kansas, a midwestern state in the US. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 leaves from (someone), taken a lot of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul take a leaf from (someone's) book:}{\f0  to follow (someone's) example. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leaves from, taken a lot of:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  followed examples set by (another); acted in the same way as or in similar ways to (another person). Variation of }{\f0\ul take a leaf out of (someone's) book,}{\f0 
 where a person's actions (imagined to be written on a page of a book) are copied. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Lebanon:}{\f0  a country in southwest Asia, at the east end of the Mediterranean. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Lebels:}{\f0 
 rifles, of a type invented by Nicolas Lebel (1838 - 1891) a French army officer in 1886. The French 1886 Lebel was one of the best-known rifles ever turned out for military use as it was the first rifle of its type to use the then new smokeless powder. 
\emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Lebels:}{\f0 
 rifles, of a type invented by Nicolas Lebel (1838 - 1891), a French army officer in 1886. The French 1886 Lebel was one of the best-known rifles ever turned out for military use as it was the first rifle of its type to use the then new smokeless powder. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lecithin: }{\f0 a complex fatty substance which is found in egg yolk and contains phosphorus (a mineral which helps give strength to bones and aids in metabolism). \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 Lecky:}{\f0 *** Squire T.S. Lecky, author of }{\f0\ul Wrinkles in Practical Navigation,}{\f0  written in 1919. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Lecky:}{\f0  Squire T.S. Lecky, author of }{\f0\ul Wrinkles in Practical Navigation,}{\f0  written in 1919. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ledger:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (bookkeeping)}{\f0  a book in which a record of debits, credits, and all money transactions is kept. The left-hand column of a ledger would record money owed. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 ledger, on the plus side of the:}{\f0 
 literally, on the side of the account book reserved for recording gains, profits, assets, etc. Used figuratively to indicate the positive or advantageous aspects of a situation as opposed to its negative aspects. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0 leech:}{\f0  one who clings to another for personal gain, especially without giving anything in return, and usually with the implication or effect of exhausting the other's resources; parasite.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 
(app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lee-Enfield:}{\f0  a rifle of a type invented by Scottish-born American James Paris Lee (1831 - 1904). The Lee-Enfield rifle was adopted (1904) by Great Britain for both infantry and cavalry. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lee Enfield:}{\f0 
 a type of rifle invented by Scottish-born American James Paris Lee (1831 - 1904). The Lee Enfield rifle was adopted in 1904 by Great Britain for both infantry and cavalry and was used extensively in World War II. It was also greatly used in th
e British Commonwealth. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul World War II}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lee Enfield rifle:}{\f0  a type of rifle invented by Scottish-born American James Paris Lee (1831 - 1904). The Lee Enfield rifle was adopted in 1904 by Great Britain for both infantry and cavalry. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Lee-Enfields:}{\f0  rifles, of a type invented by Scottish-born American James Paris Lee (1831 - 1904). The Lee-Enfield rifle was adopted (1904) by Great Britain for both infantry and cavalry. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lee-Enfields:}{\f0  rifles, of a type invented by Scottish-born American James Paris Lee (1831 - 1904). The Lee-Enfield rifle was adopted (1904) by Great Britain for both infantry and cavalry. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0 
 Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Lee, Robert E.:}{\f0  (1807 - 1870) commander in chief of the Confederate during the American Civil War. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Civil War}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lee shore: }{\f0 the shore onto which the wind is blowing. The inference is that the wind will tend to blow the ship onto the shore. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 leeward: }{\f0 on the side away from the wind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 leeway:}{\f0  a degree of freedom of action or thought.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 left:}{\f0  the political position advocating sometimes extreme measures to achieve the equality, freedom and well-being of the citizens of a state, varying from moderate socialism to communism. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 left and right:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everywhere; to an extreme degree. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 left and right:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everywhere; to an extreme degree. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 left and right: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  everywhere; to an extreme degree. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 left and right:}{\f0  in or from every direction; all around; on all sides. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 left and right:}{\f0  in or from every direction; all around; on all sides. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Left Bank of the Seine:}{\f0 *** a part of Paris, France on the southern bank of the Seine river, frequented by artists, writers and students. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 left field, into:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  completely mistaken; wrong. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 legal tender:}{\f0  currency that may be legally tendered or offered in payment of money debts and that may not be refused by creditors. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 legal tender:}{\f0  money that may be legally offered in payment of an obligation and that a creditor must accept. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 legend:}{\f0  a title, brief description, or key accompanying an illustration or map. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 legend:}{\f0  the wording (such as an inscription, motto or title) on an object. \emdash }{\f0\ul Webster's Third New International Dictionary}{\f0   (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 legendary:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  famous, often talked about. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Legend of Sleepy Hollow, The:}{\f0 
 a story by American author Washington Irving (1783 - 1859). Its central character, Ichabod Crane, is a vain and cowardly teacher, and the rival in love of Brom Bones. Bones terrorizes Crane by disguising himself as a legendary headless horseman. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 legion:}{\f0  a body of soldiers in the ancient Roman army consisting of 3000 to 6000 foot soldiers and 300 to 700 cavalrymen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 legion:}{\f0  very large in number. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 legion sergeants:}{\f0 
 sergeants in the Roman army over a body of soldiers consisting of 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers and 300 to 700 cavalrymen. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 legislate:}{\f0  cause, create or bring about by passing laws. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 legislation: }{\f0 law or laws made by legislatures for countries or states. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 legislative:}{\f0  having the duty and power of making laws. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 legislator:}{\f0  a member of the group of persons, usually elected, who make, change or repeal the laws of a country or state. For example, a member of Congress in the US government. \emdash Compiled from }{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.
}{\f0  (Example added by Editor.) (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 legislature:}{\f0  a body of persons given the responsibility and power to make laws for a country or state.}{\f0\ul  \emdash The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 legislature:}{\f0  a body of persons given the responsibility and power to make laws for a country or state. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 legislature:}{\f0  a group of persons that has the duty and power of making laws for a state or country.}{\f0\ul  \emdash OEC - Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 legislature:}{\f0  a group of persons that has the duty and power of making laws for a state or country.}{\f0\ul  \emdash Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 legislatures:}{\f0  bodies of persons given the responsibility and power to make laws for countries or states. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 legislatures:}{\f0  bodies of persons given the responsibility and power to make laws for countries or states. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 legitimate: }{\f0 reasonable; logically correct. \emdash }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 legs, on one's last:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  not far from death, breakdown, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 legs, on (one's) last:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  not far from death, breakdown, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 legs to stand on, didn't have any:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  had absolutely no defense, excuse or justification. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 legs to stand on, didn't have any:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  had absolutely no defense, excuse or justification. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 legulla oblongata:}{\f0  a made-up name for a mental disorder.}{\f0\ul  \emdash Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 leg up:}{\f0  aid; a boost. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leg up: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an advance. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leg up, a: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  help so that a person can improve himself. From the help given to a person to climb a wall, etc., usually by letting the person put his foot on one's joined hands and then pushing him up. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leg up, a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  at an advantage. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leigh, Vivien:}{\f0  (1913 - 1967) British film actress. She is best known as Scarlett O'Hara in }{\f0\ul Gone with the Wind.}{\f0  One of her last roles was as Blanche Dubois in }{\f0\ul Streetcar Named Desire. See also}{\b\f0\ul 
 Streetcar Named Desire}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig: }{\f0 a city in Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Wundt}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig:}{\f0  a city in Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Wundt, Professor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig: }{\f0 a city in Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig:}{\b\f0\ul *** }{\f0 a city in Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Wundt}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig:}{\f0  a city in southeast Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Wundt}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig, Germany:}{\f0  a city in Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Wundtian}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig, Germany: }{\f0 a city in southeast Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig, Germany: }{\f0 a city in southeast Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig, Germany: }{\f0 a city in southeast Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig, Germany: }{\f0 a city in southeast Germany; the location of Leipzig University, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Wundtian}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Leipzig University:}{\f0  a university in Leipzig, Germany, where Wilhelm Wundt and others developed \ldblquote modern\rdblquote  psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Wundt}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul le mission: (French)}{\f0  the mission. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 le mission:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French)}{\f0  the mission.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lend-lease:}{\f0  material aid in the form of munitions, tools, food, etc., granted under specified conditions to foreign countries whose defense was deemed vital to the defense of the United States during World War II. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul war}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 length, at: }{\f0 after a long time; finally. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Lenin:}{\f0  Vladimir I. Lenin (1870 - 1924), a Russian revolutionary leader of the early twentieth century, highly honored in the Soviet Union as the founder of the modern Soviet state. Lenin, a founder of the Bolshevik party, 
contributed much to the success of the Russian Revolution of 1917. Lenin held that a dedicated group of intellectuals had to spearhead the revolution. He became chief of government of the Soviet Union after the revolution and served until his death in 192
4. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lenin:}{\f0  Vladimir I. Lenin (1870 - 1924), a Russian revolutionary leader of the early twentieth century, highly honored in the Soviet Union as the founder of the modern Soviet state. Lenin, a founder of the Bolshevik part
y, contributed much to the success of the Russian Revolution of 1917. He held that a dedicated group of intellectuals had to spearhead the revolution. He became chief of government of the Soviet Union after the revolution and served until his death in 192
4. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lenin:}{\f0  Vladimir I. Lenin (1870 - 1924), Russian communist leader. He was an agitator for socialism. During World War I he urged socialists in all countries to rise against their own governments, and he assumed leadership o
f the Russian Revolution in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lenin: }{\f0 
Vladimir I. Lenin (1870 - 1924), Russian communist leader. He was an agitator for socialism. During World War I he urged socialists in all countries to rise against their own governments, and he assumed leadership of the Russian Revolution in 1917. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lenin: }{\f0 Vladimir I. Lenin (1870 - 1924), Russian communist leader. He was an agitator for socialism. During World War I he urged socialists in a
ll countries to rise against their own governments, and he assumed leadership of the Russian Revolution in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Lenin: }{\f0 
Vladimir I. Lenin (1870 - 1924), Russian communist leader. He was an agitator for socialism. During World War I he urged socialists in all countries to rise against their own governments, and he assumed leadership of the Russian Revolution in 1917. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 L'Envoi: }{\b\f0\ul (French) }{\f0 (}{\f0\ul l'envoi}{\f0  literally translated, \ldblquote the sending\rdblquote ) 
the action of sending forth a poem; hence, the concluding part of a poetical or prose composition; the author's parting words; a dedication, postscript. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lepidus guk 652:}{\f0  a made-up name for an injectable solution. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leprechauns: }{\b\f0\ul (Irish folklore)}{\f0  elves resembling little old men. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 leprosis:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul leprosy,}{\f0  a chronic, infectious disease that attacks the skin, flesh, nerves, etc., and }{\f0\ul -osis, }{\f0 a suffix denoting an abnormal or diseased condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leprosy:}{\f0  a chronic, infectious disease caused by a bacterium that attacks the skin, flesh, nerves, etc.: it is characterized by ulcers, white scaly scabs, deformities and wasting of body parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 leprosy:}{\f0  a chronic, infectious disease caused by a bacterium that attacks the skin, flesh, nerves, etc.: it is characterized by ulcers, white scaly scabs, deformities and wasting of body parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 leprosy:}{\f0  a chronic, infectious disease caused by a bacterium that attacks the skin, flesh, nerves, etc.: it is characterized by ulcers, white scaly scabs, deformities and wasting of body parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leprosy:}{\f0  a chronic, infectious disease caused by a bacterium that attacks the skin, flesh, nerves, etc.: it is characterized by ulcers, white scaly scabs, deformities and wasting of body parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 leprosy:}{\f0  a mi
ldly infectious disease that develops open sores and white, scaly scabs. Leprosy attacks the skin and nerves, causing weakening and wasting of muscles and may lead to tuberculosis or other diseases. If not treated, the injury to the nerves results in loss
 of feeling, paralysis and deformity.}{\f0\ul  See also}{\b\f0\ul  tuberculosis}{\f0  in the glossary of this book. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lesbianism:}{\f0  homosexual relations between women. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lesbos:}{\f0  Greek island in the Aegean Sea. The word }{\f0\ul lesbian}{\f0  derives from the ancient Greek name of this island, from the eroticism and homosexuality attributed to Sappho (ancient Greek poetess) and her followers. \emdash }{
\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul les resultats: (French)}{\f0  the results. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lest:}{\f0  so as to prevent the possibility that; for fear that. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 letdown: }{\f0 a decrease in energy, force, volume, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lethargic:}{\f0  abnormally drowsy or dull, sluggish, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lethargic:}{\f0  abnormally drowsy or dull, sluggish, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lethargic:}{\f0  unnaturally drowsy; sluggish; dull. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lethargy:}{\f0  a great lack of energy; sluggishness, dullness, apathy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 let (someone) down:}{\f0  failed to meet the expectations of (someone); disappointed (someone). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 letter-perfect:}{\f0  correct in every detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 letter, to the:}{\f0  just as written. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 let up:}{\f0  diminish; subside, become less intense. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Leucippus:}{\f0  Greek philosopher of the fifth century b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 leukemia:}{\f0  a cancerous, usually fatal, disease characterized by a large excess of white blood cells in the blood. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 leukemia:}{\f0  any of several cancers of the bone marro
w that prevent the normal manufacture of red and white blood cells and platelets (the minute bodies in the blood that aid in coagulation), resulting in anemia, increased susceptibility to infection and impaired blood clotting. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 leukosis, upper:}{\f0  a humorously coined name for a disease, from }{\f0\ul leukosis, }{\f0 (same as }{\f0\ul leukemia}{\f0 ) a disease in which too many white corpuscles are formed. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 level:}{\f0  aim or direct. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Level:}{\f0 
 a training step on the Grade Chart which one does for auditor classification. At the time of the lecture, there were Levels 0 to IV and Level VI, and these covered the totality of processes in use at that time. Once an auditor has completed a level, he i
s eligible to deliver the auditing grade represented by that level. For further information see HCOB 10 April 1964 ALL LEVELS AUDITING SKILLS in }{\f0\ul The Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology. \emdash How to Manage a Course}{\f0 
 Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Level:}{\f0 
 a training step on the Grade Chart which one does for auditor classification. Levels 0 to V represent the first six professional auditor training levels. Once a person has completed a level, he is eligible to deliver the auditing grade represented by tha
t level. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 grade}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Level:}{\f0  a training step on the Grade Chart which one does for auditor classification. Levels 0 to V represent the first six professional auditor training levels. Once a person has compl
eted a level, he is eligible to deliver the auditing grade represented by that level. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 grade}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 Level:}{\f0 
 a training step which one does for auditor classification in a Scientology organization. Levels 0 to IV represent the first five professional auditor training levels. Once a person has completed a level, he is eligible to deliver the auditing grade repre
sented by that level. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul grades}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Level:}{\f0 
 of or having to do with the training steps on the Grade Chart which one does for auditor classification. Levels 0 to IV represent the first five professional auditor training levels. Once a person has completed a level, he is eligible to deliver the audi
ting grade represented by that level. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul grades}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 level: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  be honest or tell the truth about. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Level Chart:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Chart of Levels and Certificates.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 gradation chart}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 leveling:}{\f0  speaking truthfully and openly (often followed by }{\f0\ul with}{\f0 ). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 leveling out:}{\f0  becoming stable. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 level it: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  be honest; tell the truth. }{\f0\ul Come on, now. Let's level it here.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 level item assessment: }{\f0 an assessment of the levels of the Prehav Scale (a scale giving degrees of doingness or not doingness). For more information on this scale, see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics }{\f0 by L. Ron Hubbard. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Level One:}{\f0  the level of the }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Chart of Levels and Certificates}{\f0  that, at the time of the lecture, used processes dealing with communication. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Gradation Chart}
{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Levels 0 to IV:}{\f0  training steps on the Grade Chart which one does for auditor classif
ication. Levels 0 to IV represent the first five professional auditor training levels. Once a person has completed a level, he is eligible to deliver the auditing grade represented by that level. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Grade Chart}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 
grades}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Levels 0 to IV:}{\f0  training steps on the Grade Chart which one does for auditor classification. Levels 0 to IV represent the first five professional auditor training levels. Once a person has completed a level, he is eligible
 to deliver the auditing grade represented by that level. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Grade Chart}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 grades}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Levels 0 to IV:}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0 
 training steps on the Grade Chart which one does for auditor classification. Levels 0 to IV represent the first five professional auditor training levels. Once a person has completed a level, he is eligible to deliver the auditing grade represented by th
at level. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Grade Chart}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 grades}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Level V:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul Case Level V. See }{\b\f0\ul Case Level V}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Level VI:}{\f0  the auditing level, at the time of this lecture, where Goals Problem Masses were run out. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul GPM}{\f0  in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  \emdash Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Level VI:}{\f0  the auditing level, at the time of this lecture, where Goals-Problem-Masses were run out. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Goals-Problem-Mass}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul Well, at Level VI this is very easy: You run GPMs.  \'d1
O/W Modernized and Revised (2 July 64)}{\f0 \page \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Level VII:}{\f0  that stage of training where Power processing (that processing which results in an ability to handle power) is taught. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Level VII:}{\f0  the level of the }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Chart of Levels and Certificates}{\f0  where an auditor is trained to deliver Power Processes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul HGA}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Level VIII:}{\f0  the training level of the Class VIII Course. A }{\f0\ul level,}{\f0  as used here, is a segment of technical information or performance for any application of Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #12, Approved November 1990}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 levitation:}{\f0  the raising and keeping of a heavy body in the air with little or no support. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 levy: }{\f0 the enlistment, usually compulsory, of personnel, as for military service. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Lewis and Clark:}{\f0  Meriwether Lewis (1774 - 1809) and William Clark (1770 - 
1838), two Americans who made a journey during the presidency of Thomas Jefferson, to explore the American Northwest, newly purchased from France, and some territories beyond that. The expedition started from St. Louis, Missouri, and moved up the Missouri
 River and down the Columbia River to the Pacific Ocean. The information that Lewis and Clark gathered was of great help in the settlement of the West. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lewis gun:}{\f0  a light machine gun used in World Wars I and II, named after its developer, US Colonel Isaac N. Lewis. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lewis, John L.:}{\f0 
 (1880 - 1969) powerful labor leader in the United States from 1917 to 1960. Formerly president of the United Mine Workers, a labor movement to improve conditions for mine workers. Throughout World War II Lewis repeatedly called his miners out on strike, 
defying the government in many instances. In December 1946 a Federal court injunction was issued against the United Mine Workers, enjoining them to stop striking and levying fines of $3,500,000 against the group and $10,000 against Lewis personally. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 Lewis machine gun:}{\f0  a light machine gun used in World Wars I and II, named after its developer, US Colonel Isaac N. Lewis. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lewis machine guns:}{\f0  light machine guns used in World Wars I and II, named after its developer, US Colonel Isaac N. Lewis. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lewis machine guns:}{\f0  light machine guns used in World Wars I and II, named after their developer, US Colonel Isaac N. Lewis. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul ley de fuego:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Spanish) }{\f0 a phrase which literally means \ldblquote law of fire.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 liabilities:***}{\f0  things that work against one; disadvantages.\emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 liability:}{\f0  something disadvantageous. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 liability: }{\f0 something that works to one's disadvantage. \emdash }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 liable:}{\f0  likely or apt. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Liaison Office:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Continental Liaison Office. See }{\b\f0\ul CLO }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Liaison Offices:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Continental Liaison Offices}{\f0 , Sea Org organizations which coordinate all the Scientology activities in their areas. They are ultimately responsible for the expansio
n of all the Scientology activities and organizations within their geographical area. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Liars of America\rdblquote :}{\f0  a made-up name for an organization or group. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lib:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul libido,}{\f0  sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 libel: }{\f0 a written or published statement, picture, etc., tending to damage a person's reputation or subject someone to public ridicule and disgrace. \emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 libel:}{\f0  of or concerning a written or published statement, picture, etc., tending to damage a person's reputation or subject someone to public ridicule and disgrace. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 libelous:}{\f0  containing, constituting or involving a written or published statement, picture, etc., tending to damage a person's reputation or subject someone to public ridicule and disgrace. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 
(app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 liberals:}{\f0  persons belonging to a political party advocating measures of progressive political reform, especially those who hold a political position tending toward socialism or communism. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 liberated: }{\f0 disengaged; set free from combination. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 liberties:}{\f0  social actions regarded as more familiar than polite convention permits. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 liberties:}{\f0  too free, too familiar or impertinent actions or attitudes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Liberty:}{\f0  a general weekly magazine founded in 1924 and published until 1951.}{\f0\ul  \emdash Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 liberty:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US Navy)}{\f0  permission given to an enlisted person to be absent from duty for a period of 72 hours or less. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 liberty:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US Navy)}{\f0  permission given to an enlisted person to be absent from duty for a period of 72 hours or less. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 liberty:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US Navy)}{\f0  permission given to an enlisted person to be absent from duty for a period of 72 hours or less. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 liberty, at:}{\f0  permitted or allowed (to do or say something). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 liberty, at:}{\f0  permitted (to do or say something); allowed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 liberty, at:}{\f0   permitted (to do or say something); allowed. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 liberty, at:}{\f0  permitted (to do or say something); allowed. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 liberty, fraternity, equality:}{\f0  a phrase officially adopted by the French common people during the French Revolution. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul French Revolution}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Liberty magazine:}{\f0  a general weekly magazine founded in 1924 and published until 1951.}{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 libido:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 libido:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 libido:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 libido:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido: }{\b\f0\ul (psychoanalysis)}{\f0  the sexual instinct or sexual drive. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 libido-dibido theory:}{\f0  a humorous alteration of \ldblquote libido theory,\rdblquote  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud }{\f0 
and}{\b\f0  Freudian analysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 libidoectomy:}{\f0  a humorous, coined word from }{\f0\ul libido}{\f0  and the suffix }{\f0\ul -ectomy,}{\f0  a surgical operation. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul libido}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 libido, gibido, bibido:}{\f0  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul libido,}{\f0  a psychoanalytic term meaning \ldblquote sexual instinct or sexual drive.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 libidoicated:}{\f0  a made-up word from }{\f0\ul libido,}{\f0  a psychoanalytic term meaning \ldblquote sexual instinct or sexual drive,\rdblquote  in combination with the suffixes }{\f0\ul -ic}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul -cated. \emdash 
Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 libido on the rip-rap:}{\f0  a significant sounding phrase, used humorously in this lecture with no particular meaning. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul libido, gibido, bibido}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 libidos:}{\f0  sexual urges or instincts. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 libido theories:}{\f0  theories like that of Sigmund Freud's which states that all life impulses and behavior are sex-motivated. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved G
lossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\ul libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud, Sigmund}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 libido theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in 1894 by Sigmund Freud which states that all life impulses and behaviors are sex-motivated. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress:}{\f0  the largest library in the United States, located in W
ashington, DC and maintained largely by federal appropriations (money set aside for this use). Its original purpose was to provide research facilities for members of Congress; today it serves the public as well. Most copyrighted publications are cataloged
 by the Library of Congress, whose classification system is used by major libraries around the country. Its collection of printed material is one of the largest in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress:}{\f0  the largest library in the
 United States, located in Washington, DC and maintained largely by federal appropriations (money set aside for this use). Its original purpose was to provide research facilities for members of Congress; today it serves the public as well. Most copyrighte
d publications are cataloged by the Library of Congress, whose classification system is used by major libraries around the country. Its collection of printed material is one of the largest in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress:}{\f0 
 the largest library in the United States, located in Washington, DC and maintained largely by federal appropriations (money set aside for this use). Its original purpose was to provide research facilities for members of Congress; today it serves the publ
ic as well. Most copyrighted publications are cataloged by the Library of Congress, whose classification system is used by major libraries around the country. Its collection of printed material is one of the largest in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress:}{\f0 
 the largest library in the United States, located in Washington, DC and maintained largely by federal appropriations (money set aside for this use). Its original purpose was to provide research facilities for members of Congress; today it serves the publ
ic as well. Most copyrighted publications are cataloged by the Library of Congress, whose classification system is used by major libraries around the country. Its collection of printed material is one of the largest in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress:}{\f0 
 the largest library in the United States, located in Washington, DC and maintained largely by federal appropriations. Its original purpose was to provide research facilities for members of Congress; today it serves the public as well. Most copyrighted pu
blications are cataloged by the Library of Congress, whose classification system is used by major libraries around the country. Its collection of printed material is one of the largest in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress:}{\f0 
 the largest library in the United States, located in Wasington, DC and maintained largely by federal appropriations (money set aside for this use). Its original purpose was to provide research facilities for members of Congress; today it serves the publi
c as well. Most copyrighted publications are cataloged by the Library of Congress, whose classification system is used by major libraries around the country. Its collection of printed material is one of the largest in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress: }{\f0 the public national library in Washington, DC, established in 1800 by the US Congress and housing one of the largest collections of printed materials in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Webster's New World Second College Edition}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress: }{\f0 the public national library in Washington, DC, established in 1800 by the US Congress and housing one of the largest collections of printed materials in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Library of Congress: }{\f0 the public national library in Washington, DC, established in 1800 by the US Congress and housing one of the largest collections of printed materials in the world. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{
\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\up6 Librium:}{\f0  trademark for a tranquilizing drug, used by psychiatrists in an attempt to suppress the symptoms of anxiety.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Libya:}{\f0  a country in North Africa, on the Mediterranean. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul license: }{\f0 excessive, undisciplined freedom, constituting an abuse of liberty. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 license: }{\f0 excessive, undisciplined freedom, constituting an abuse of liberty. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 license plate:}{\f0  a numbered or lettered metal tag displayed on a motor vehicle, indicating that the vehicle has been registered with the state and may be driven on public streets and highways. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 license tag:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul license plate:}{\f0  a numbered or lettered metal tag displayed on a motor vehicle, indicating that the vehicle has been officially registered and may be driven on public streets and highways. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lichen:}{\f0  a dry-looking plant that grows on rocks, walls, tree trunks, etc., usually green or yellow or gray. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul lichen:}{\f0  a dry-looking plant that grows on rocks, walls, tree trunks, etc., usually green or yellow or gray. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lichens:}{\f0  any of a large group of plants that look somewhat like moss and grow in patches on trees, rocks, etc. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lick:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a chance; a turn. (2) }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a small amount; bit.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lick:}{\f0  a small amount; bit.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome or defeat, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick:}{\f0  overcome or defeat, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick:}{\f0  overcome or defeat, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise:}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise:}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise:}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise:}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise:}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise:}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate and promises to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise:}{\f0 *** a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 lick-and-a-promise:}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  slight or hasty work as if with a promise of doing better later. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise, a: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise, a: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lick and a promise, a: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lick and the promise, the:}{\f0  a hasty job; a cursory performance. From the notion that one does one }{\f0\ul lick}{\f0  or stroke of what is appropriate, and }{\f0\ul promises}{\f0  to do the rest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcame; vanquished. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 licked}{\b\f0\ul :}{\f0\ul  (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome; vanquished; controlled. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome; vanquished; controlled. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome; vanquished; controlled. }{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  overcome; vanquished; controlled. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 whipped; thrashed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  hit or beaten, especially as a punishment; thrashed; whipped. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 licked: }{\f0 overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 licked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  overcome or defeated, as in a fight, game or contest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 licked up:}{\f0  destroyed; annihilated. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lickety-split:}{\f0  at great speed; rapidly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lickety-split:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  at great speed; rapidly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lick (something) up:}{\f0  to consume as by licking or lapping. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lid:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a curb or restraint. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lid:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a curb or restraint. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lid nailed down on, had the:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  been caused to be hidden or kept secret. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 lid off, taking the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  removing the secrecy from (something); revealing the truth about (an affair). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lid off, taking the:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  removing the secrecy from (something); revealing the truth about (an affair). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 lid, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  something that holds back or holds out of sight. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lie detector:}{\f0  a device used on persons suspected of lying, to record certain changes in body functions that are thought to occur when the subject tells lies in answering questions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lie detector:}{\f0  a device used on persons suspected of lying, to record certain changes in body functions that are thought to occur when the subject tells lies in answering questions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lie detector:}{\f0  a device used on persons suspected of lying, to record certain changes in body functions that are thought to occur when the subject tells lies in answering questions. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lie detector:}{\f0  a device used on persons suspected of lying, to record certain changes in body functions that are thought to occur when the subject tells lies in answering questions. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lie factory:}{\f0  technically, a phrase contained in an engram demanding prevarication [the telling of lies]\'d1it was originally called a }{\f0\ul fabricator.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 liege lord:}{\f0  the head of a feudal estate. Feudalism was the economic,
 political and social system of medieval Europe, in which land, worked by slaves who were bound to it, was held by vassals (persons in this system who held land in exchange for loyalty, military help, etc., to an overlord). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lieu of, in:}{\f0  in place of; instead of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lieu of, in:}{\f0  in place of; instead of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lieu of, in:}{\f0  in place of; instead of. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lieutenant colonel:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US military)}{\f0  an officer ranking immediately below a colonel (an officer commanding a large number of men). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lieutenant commander:}{\f0  a commissioned officer in the US Navy or Coast Guard who ranks above a lieutenant and below a commander (a person in command of a destroyer, submarine, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lieutenant, first:}{\f0  a US military officer ranking just above a second lieutenant. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul lieutenant, second}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lieutenant, second:}{\f0  a commissioned officer of the lowest rank in the US Army, Air Force or Marine Corps. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lieutenant senior grade:}{\f0  a lieutenant in the US Navy; the rank just below lieutenant commander and above lieutenant junior grade. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0 from }{\f0\ul 
Random House Dictionary Second Edition, as no specific definition of \ldblquote lieutenant senior grade\rdblquote  could be found.}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0\ul Life:}{\f0  a publication that contains many photographs and articles of current activities. It was started by Henry Luce, who was the co-founder of }{\f0\ul Time}{\f0  magazine. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0\ul Time}{\f0  in this glossary.  
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life:}{\f0  the harmonious conquest of mest by theta in which a self-perpetuating organism is formed. Death is the withdrawal of theta from the organism. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 life boat:}{\f0  a strongly built boat which is carried by a ship for saving life at sea, in the event the ship has to be abandoned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Lifebuoy soap:}{\f0  a brand of deodorant soap. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Lecture or 14 January 1955. (\ldblquote ailments\rdblquote  substituted as a more common word than \ldblquote infirmities.\rdblquote ) Miracles Glossary (Final approval 10.11.89) }{\f0 also }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  one individual attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the ailments and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 life continuum:}{\f0  the action of attempting to carry on the life of another deceased individual or departed individual by means of generating in his own body the infirmities and mannerisms of the deceased or departed individual. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 life cycle:}{\f0  the periodic conquest of, withdrawal from, and reconquest of mest by theta. It is postulated that a given segment or entity of theta (in human beings, at least) undergoes birth, growth, 
death, birth, growth, death, etc., each time learning more about the business of making mest into successful organisms which can better survive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Life = EI/-R x -f:}{\f0  the formula of the energy of life source, where }{\f0\ul E}{\f0  = Energy Potential, }{\f0\ul I}{\f0  = Energy Flow, }{\f0\ul -R}{\f0  = Negative Resistance, }{\f0\ul -f}{\f0 
 = Negative Frequency. The formula is covered fully in the book }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 life energy:}{\f0  life force, divine energy, }{\f0\ul \'e9lan vital,}{\f0  or, by any other name, the energy peculiar to life which acts upon the physical universe and animates it and changes it. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Life Guard: }{\b\f0\ul (in Britain)}{\f0  a member of the cavalry regiment forming part of the ceremonial guard of the monarch. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 life in my hands, took my:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  faced great danger or took great risk; chanced death. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 life in (one's) hands, taking (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  facing great danger or taking a great risk. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 life in your hands, take your:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  face great danger or take great risk; chance death. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 life line:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (palm reading)}{\f0 
 one of the four great lines (the others being head, heart and fortune) in the type of fortune telling known as \ldblquote palm reading.\rdblquote 
 This practice is based on the fact that no two palms are exactly alike. Characteristics are assigned to the lines of the palm and then one's fortune is read against the aspects of these. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Life magazine:}{\f0  a publication that contains many photographs and articles of current activities. It was started by Henry Luce, who was the co-founder of }{\f0\ul Time}{\f0  magazine. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0\ul Time}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Life magazine:}{\f0  a publication that contains many photographs and articles of current activities. It was started by Henry Luce, who was the co-founder of }{\f0\ul Time}{\f0  magazine. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0\ul Time}{\f0  }{\b\f0 
magazine }{\f0 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life of (one), for the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  true as (one) is alive; even if (one's) life depended on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 life, on your:}{\b\f0\ul  (informal)}{\f0  you can be sure; certainly. Variation of }{\f0\ul you bet your life.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lifer: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a person sentenced to imprisonment for life. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Life Repair:}{\f0  a series of auditing actions run on a preclear who is starting out in auditing for the first time. Life Repair can address such t
hings as rough spots in life, periods which the preclear may feel bad about, areas of overwhelm, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 life ring:}{\f0  a ring-shaped life preserver made of cork or other lightweight material that floats. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 lift:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British) }{\f0 an elevator. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lifted:}{\f0  (said of an engram) raised in tone through recounting. The principle of recounting is very simple. The preclear is merely told to go back to the begin
ning and to tell it all over again. He does this many times. As he does it the engram should lift in tone on each recounting. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 L&N checksheet:}{\f0  a checksheet at the time of this lecture which taught an auditor the basics of Listing and Nulling, who had not yet learned them in the Academy. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul LIG - LOC
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ligaments:}{\f0  bands of tough body tissue connecting bones or holding organs in place. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 light colonel:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military slang)}{\f0  a lieutenant colonel. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lighting:}{\f0 *** the art, practice or manner of using and arranging lights on a stage, film or television set, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 lightning often strikes:}{\f0  a humorous reference to the saying }{\f0\ul lightning never strikes in the same place twice,}{\f0 
 meaning the same accident or misfortune cannot happen twice to the same person in the same situation (used when speaking of something unusual, especially something bad). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 light of day, the:}{\f0  public view. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 light of day, the:}{\f0  public view. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul light, out like a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  unconscious. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 light, out like a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  unconscious. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lights:}{\f0  an illuminated display of a performer's name on a theater marquee (a rooflike projection or awning over an entrance, as to a theater). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lights:}{\f0  an illuminated display of a performer's name on a theater marquee (a rooflike projection or awning over an entrance, as to a theater). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lights:}{\f0  the information, ideas or mental capacities possessed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lights, according to one's:}{\f0  as one's opinions, information or standards may direct. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 lights begin to dawn:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something begins to come clear or be understood. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 lights begin to dawn: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something begins to come clear or be understood. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lightwave meter:}{\f0  a made-up name for a meter. }{\f0\ul Lightwave}{\f0  means \ldblquote 
of or designating a communications system, equipment, etc., using fiber optics (the branch of optics dealing with the transmission of light and images, as around bends and curves, through transparent fibers).\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 light-year: }{\b\f0\ul (astronomy)}{\f0  a unit of distance equal to the distance that light travels in a vacuum in one year, approximately 6 trillion miles. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 light-year: }{\b\f0\ul (astronomy)}{\f0  of a unit of distance equal to the distance that light travels in a vacuum in one year, approximately six trillion miles. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 light-year:}{\f0  the distance traveled by light in one year (over five trillion miles). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 light-year:}{\f0  the distance traveled by light in one year (over five trillion miles).  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 light-year:}{\f0 
 the distance traveled by light in one year (over five trillion miles). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 light-year:}{\f0 
 the distance traveled by light in one year (over five trillion miles). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 light-year meter:}{\f0  a made-up name for a meter. A }{\f0\ul light-year}{\f0  is the distance traveled by light in one year (over five trillion miles). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 light-years: }{\b\f0\ul (astronomy)}{\f0  a unit of distance equal to the distance that light travels in a vacuum in one year, approximately six trillion miles. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 light-years: }{\b\f0\ul (astronomy)}{\f0  a unit of distance equal to the distance that light travels in a vacuum in one year, approximately six trillion miles. Used figuratively in the lecture to mean a long time. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 light-years: }{\b\f0\ul (astronomy)}{\f0  a unit of distance equal to the distance that light travels in a vacuum in one year, approximately six trillion miles. Used figuratively in the lecture to mean a long distance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 light-years: }{\b\f0\ul (astronomy)}{\f0  units of distance equal to the distance that light travels in a vacuum in one year, approximately six trillion miles. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 like a shot:}{\f0  instantly; quickly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 liked to:}{\f0  was on the verge of or came close to. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 like hell: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  with furious energy, speed, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 like hell: }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  not so, untrue; indicates the speaker's lack of belief in what he heard. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 like mad:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  furiously; very hard, fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 like mad:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much, hard, fast, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 like mad:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very much, hard, fast, etc. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 like mad: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  with furious energy, speed, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 like mad:}{\f0  furiously; very hard, fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 like mad:}{\f0  furiously; very hard, fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 like mad:}{\f0  furiously; very hard, fast, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lilies of France:}{\f0  coined phrase referring to the fleur-de-lis (}{\f0\ul French:}{\f0  flower of the lily), adopted by the royal house of France as its emblem i
n the twelfth century. It remained the official coat of arms of France until the French Revolution of 1830. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lilies of France:}{\f0 *** coined phrase referring to the fleur-de-lis (}{\f0\ul French:}{\f0 
 flower of the lily), adopted by the royal house of France as its emblem in the twelfth century. It remained the official coat of arms of France until the French Revolution of 1830. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Lilliputia:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul Lilliput,}{\f0  one of the exotic places visited by Gulliver in the book }{\f0\ul Gulliver's Travels. See also }{\b\f0\ul Gulliver}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Lilliputia:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul Lilliput,}{\f0  one of the exotic places visited by Gulliver in the book }{\f0\ul Gulliver's Travels. See also }{\b\f0\ul Gulliver}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Lilliputians:}{\f0 *** inhabitants of Lilliput (a land inhabited by tiny people about six inches tall). From the book }{\f0\ul Gulliver's Travels}{\f0  by Jonathan Swift. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Lilly:}{\f0  Eli Lilly and Company, a major US pharmaceutical manufacturer founded in 1876 which produces and distributes a variety of medical drugs as well as highly dangerous and destructive \ldblquote psychiatric\rdblquote  drugs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lilly:}{\f0  Eli Lilly and Company, a major US pharmaceutical manufacturer founded in 1876 which produces and distributes a variety of medical drugs as well as highly dangerous and destructive \ldblquote psychiatric\rdblquote  drugs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lilly:}{\f0  Eli Lilly and Company, a US manufacturer of medical and psychiatric drugs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Lilly: }{\b\f0\ul See Parke, Lilly, Abbott.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 limber: }{\f0 make (something) flexible, pliant (usually followed by }{\f0\ul up}{\f0 ). \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 limbo:}{\f0  any intermediate, indeterminate state or condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 limbos:}{\f0  any intermediate, indeterminate state or condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 limb, out on a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  into a precarious or vulnerable position or situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 limelight:}{\f0  the center of public attention, interest, observation or notoriety. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Limited:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (chiefly British)}{\f0  of or designating a company in which the liability of certain of its partners is limited to the amount of their individual investments. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 limited:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (chiefly British)}{\f0  of or designating a company in which the liability of certain of its partners is limited to the amount of their individual investments. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 limited process: }{\f0 a process which can be used only for a short time beneficially, and after a certain period of time will cause a deterioration. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Limopo Org:}{\f0  a made-up name for an org. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 limp:}{\f0  falling short; lame; imperfect or defective. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 limping:}{\f0 *** falling short; lame; imperfect or defective. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln:}{\f0  Abraham Lincoln (1809 - 65), president of the United States during the American Civil War. He was assassinated several days after the surrender of the Confederate states. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Civil War}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 
Confederacy}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln:}{\f0  Abraham Lincoln (1809 - 1865), president of the United States during the American Civil War. He was assassinated several days after the surrender of the Confederate states. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln:}{\f0  Abraham Lincoln (1809 - 1865), president of the United States during the American Civil War. He was assassinated several days after the surrender of the Confederate States. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Civil War}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 
Confederacy}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln:}{\f0 *** Abraham Lincoln (1809 - 1865), president of the United States during the American Civil War. He was assassinated several days after the surrender of the Confederate States. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Civil War}{\f0  and }{
\b\f0 Confederacy}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Lincoln:}{\f0  a car manufactured by Lincoln Motor Company, a US firm founded in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Lincoln, Abraham:}{\f0 
 (1809 - 1865) political leader of the nineteenth century; president of the United States (1861 - 1865). His picture appears on the United States five-dollar bill. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln car:}{\f0  a car manufactured by Lincoln Motor Company, a United States firm founded in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln car:}{\f0  a car manufactured by Lincoln Motor Company, a US firm founded in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln car:}{\f0  a car manufactured by Lincoln Motor Company, a US firm founded in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln car:}{\f0  a car manufactured by Lincoln Motor Company, a US firm founded in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln Continental:}{\f0  a two-door Ford car designed and built in 1938 for Edsel Ford (son of Henry Ford and president of the Ford Motor Company). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Edsel}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln Memorial: }{\f0 
a monument erected in 1922 in Washington, DC, in memory of Abraham Lincoln, sixteenth president of the United States. The building is constructed mainly of marble, granite and limestone, and houses a large, impressive statue of Lincoln. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Editor, }{\f0 from}{\f0\ul  Funk and Wagnalls Encyclopedia}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Lincoln-Mercury-Ford:}{\f0  another name for the Ford Motor Company. Lincoln and Mercury are two divisions of the Ford Motor Company. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lindbergh:}{\f0 
 Charles Lindbergh (1902 - 74), the first man to fly the Atlantic solo. This flight was a result of an offer of $25,000 for the first man to fly the New York - Paris route alone nonstop, and on the morning of May 20, 1927 Lindbergh took off in a modified 
monoplane (a plane with just one pair of wings) called the }{\f0\ul Spirit of St. Louis.}{\f0  The flight itself was treacherous and lasted 33 1/2 
hours, and Lindbergh had gone without sleep the 24 hours before he started. After covering 3,610 miles, Lindbergh touched down at Le Bouget airfield in Paris. He was greeted by 20,000 enthusiastic fans who were there ready to mob him. Lindbergh called the
 experience with the crowd the most dangerous part of his flight. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 line:}{\f0  a course of action, procedure, thought, policy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 line:}{\f0  a list of charged items found and the relationship between them in certain procedures dealing with goals (such as 3D Criss Cross). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 line:}{\b\f0\ul  see listing line}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 line: }{\f0 
the route along which particles travel between one terminal and the next in an organization; a fixed pattern of terminals who originate and receive or receive and relay orders, information or other particles. A line can be vertical such as a 
command line where authority and power of position increases the higher up one goes, or a line can be horizontal where each terminal on the line shares a similar status. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul terminal}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 line, along the:}{\f0  at any point. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line, along the:}{\f0  at every point. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line charge:}{\f0  a period of sudden laughter, often uncontrollable, that a preclear experiences in a session and that results from the relief of painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 line charge:}{\f0  a period of sudden laughter, often uncontrollable, that a preclear experiences in a session and that results from the relief of painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line charge:}{\f0  a period of sudden laughter, often uncontrollable, that a preclear experiences in a session and that results from the relief of painful emotion. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line charge:}{\f0  a period of sudden laughter or crying, often uncontrollable, that a preclear has in a session and that results from the relief of painful emotion. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line charge:}{\f0  a prolonged spell of uncontrolled laughter or crying which may be continued for several hours. The line charge usually signals the sudden release of a large amount of charge and brings about a marked change in the case. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 line-charge:}{\f0  a prolonged s
pell of uncontrolled laughter or crying which may be continued for several hours. Once started, a line charge can usually be reinforced by the occasional interjection of almost any word or phrase by the auditor. The line charge usually signals the sudden 
release of a large amount of charge and brings about a marked change in the case. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 line-charging:}{\f0  experiencing a }{\f0\ul line charge:}{\f0  a period of sudden laughter or crying, often uncontrollable, that a preclear has in a session and that results from the relief of painful emotion. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line, down the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 down the road or street. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 line, down the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 down the road or street. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line, in:}{\f0  behaving properly or as required. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 line, laying it on the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  speaking openly or frankly about something; giving the information required. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line lighting:}{\f0  a distinctly dramatic profile lighting style in which the outline is highlighted, the rest of the face being in shadow except for the fill and hair light. }{\f0\ul See}{\f0  }{\f0\ul also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 fill}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line-of-battle:}{\f0  (of a ship) of sufficient size to take part in a main attack; formerly, one of 74 guns and upward. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 line of country:}{\f0  business, occupation or specialization. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 line of country:}{\f0  business, occupation or specialization. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line of country:}{\f0  business, occupation or specialization. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line of country:}{\f0  business, occupation or specialization.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line of country:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a field of interest or area of study. }{\f0\ul Anybody has got nerve having E-Meter trouble\'d1not at this line of country.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #12, Approved November 1990}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 line of country:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a pursuit, field of interest or area of study. }{\f0\ul If you let him go off into this line of country you are not following the main line.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #2, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 line of, make a:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul make a go of. See }{\b\f0\ul go of, make a}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 line, out of:}{\f0 *** behaving improperly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 line, out of: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 disrespectful; troublesome, brash, impertinent. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line, out of:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 disrespectful; troublesome, brash, impertinent. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line plot:}{\f0  a record kept in the pc's folder to keep track of charged items found and the relationships between these various items in certain procedures dealing with goals. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 goals}{\f0  and}{\b\f0  goals plot}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 line plot:}{\f0  a record kept in the pc's folder to keep track of charged items found and the relationships between these various items in certain procedures dealing with goals. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 goal}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 line plot:}{\f0 *** a record kept in the pc's folder to keep track of charged items found and the relationships between these various items in certain procedures dealing with goals. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 goal}{\f0  and}{\b\f0 
 Goals Assessment}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 line plot:}{\f0  in certain procedures dealing with goals (such as 3D Criss Cross) a record kept i
n the pc's folder to keep track of charged items found and the relationships between these various items. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Goals Assessment, item, listing }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 listing line}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 liner:}{\f0  a steamship, passenger airplane, etc., in regular service for a specific line. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary
}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lines:}{\f0  communication lines, the routes along which communications travel from one person to another; the lines on which particles flow. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lines:}{\f0  communication lines, the routes along which communications travel from one person to another; the lines on which particles flow. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lines: }{\f0 nautical term for rope used aboard a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 lines:}{\f0  see }{\b\f0 list line}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 four lines}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lines: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul comm lines. See }{\b\f0\ul comm lines}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 lines: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul comm lines. See }{\b\f0\ul comm lines}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lines:}{\b\f0\ul *** }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul comm lines. See }{\b\f0\ul comm lines}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 line, someplace along the:}{\f0  at some point. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lineup:}{\f0  an arrangement of persons or things in or as in a line. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14, 21, 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lineup: }{\b\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  an arrangement of persons or things in or as in a line. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lineup:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  an arrangement of persons or things in or as in a line. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 lineup: }{\b\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  an arrangement of persons or things in or as in a line. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 line, up the:}{\f0  in the future. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 line, up the:}{\f0  in the future. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 linguaphone:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul lingua,}{\f0  \ldblquote tongue,\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul -phone,}{\f0  \ldblquote an instrument of sound transmission or reproduction.\rdblquote 
\par }{\b\f0 Linguaphone:}{\f0  a system for teaching foreign languages using phonograph records and a phonograph machine. The system started in 1904 in London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lingua spacia:}{\f0  a coined phrase meaning the language of space.}{\f0\ul  Lingua}{\f0  means a language or \ldblquote lingo,\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul spacia}{\f0  is a humorously Latinized version of \ldblquote space.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lingua spacia:}{\f0  a coined phrase meaning the language of space. }{\f0\ul Lingua}{\f0  means a language or \ldblquote lingo,\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul spacia}{\f0  is a humorously Latinized version of \ldblquote space.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lingua Spacia:}{\f0  a language used in common by spacemen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Linotype: }{\f0 
a method of typesetting in which one line of type is cast in one piece from molten lead. Hence its name (and pronunciation), line-o'-type. Developed in the 1880s, it has been generally used for newspapers and periodical publications and quite extensively 
for books until the arrival of photographic and electronic systems in the mid-1970s. Linotype is seldom used today as it has been outmoded by computer phototypesetting. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Bookman's Glossary; Dictionary of Graphic Arts Terms (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89 }{\f0 also }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Linotype: }{\f0 
a method of typesetting in which one line of type is cast in one piece from molten lead. Hence its name (and pronunciation), line-o'-type. Developed in the 1880s, it has been generally used for newspapers and periodical publications and quite extensively 
for books until the arrival of photographic and electronic systems in the mid-1970s. Linotype is seldom used today as it has been outmoded by computer phototypesetting. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Linotype: }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0 
 of a method of typesetting in which one line of type is cast in one piece from molten lead. Hence its name (and pronunciation), line-o'-type. Developed in the 1880s, it has been generally used for newspapers and periodical publications and quite extensiv
ely for books until the arrival of photographic and electronic systems in the mid-1970s. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lint:}{\f0  minute shreds or ravelings of yarn; bits of thread. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lint:***}{\f0  minute shreds or ravelings of yarn; bits of thread.\emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 lion and went out like a lamb, came into (something) like a:}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul March comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb,}{\f0  meaning March begins with rough, boisterous weather and ends calmly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lions and Christians, fighting:}{\f0  reference to the practice of the Roman persecutions of the Christians by throwing them to the lions in the Colosseum (a great arena of ancient Rome which seated 50,000). \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lions Club:}{\f0  a humorous reference to the International Association of Lions Clubs, a federation of community service clubs founded in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lions Club:}{\f0  the International Association of Lions Clubs, a federation of community service clubs founded in 1917.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lip:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (music)}{\f0  the position and arrangement of lips and tongue in playing a wind instrument. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 lip mover:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a dull and stupid person. From the habit of uneducated or dull people of moving their lips while reading to themselves. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lip service:}{\f0  insincere expression of friendship, admiration, support, etc.; service by words only. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lip service:}{\f0  insincere expression of friendship, admiration, support, etc.; service by words only. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lip service:}{\f0  insincere expression of friendship, admiration, support, etc.; service by words only \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 liquid fire: }{\f0 flaming petroleum or the like, as employed against an enemy in warfare. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 List 1:}{\f0  an assessment list for use in finding bypassed charge. There are also other numbered lists, e.g., List 2, List 3, List 4. For more information on these lists see HCOB 5 July 1963, ARC BREAK ASSESSMENTS, in }{\f0\ul Technical Bu
lletins }{\f0 Volume VII. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 list:}{\f0  a series of items made by a special procedure where the auditor asks a certain question and writes down items said by the preclear in response to that question in the exact sequence that they are given to him by the preclear. \emdash }
{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 list: }{\f0 a series of items made by a special procedure where the auditor asks a certain question and writes down items said by the preclear in response to that question in the exact sequence that they are given to him by the preclear. \emdash }
{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 list:}{\f0  a series of items made by a special procedure where the auditor asks a certain question and writes down items said by the preclear in response to that question in the exact sequence that they are given to him by the preclear. \emdash }
{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 list: }{\b\f0\ul see Listing and Nulling }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 list: }{\f0 to lean over to one side. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Listen Style auditing:}{\f0 
 a style of auditing where the auditor is expected to listen to the pc without evaluating, invalidating or interrupting. The only skill necessary is listening to another.\emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Listerine:}{\f0  a brand of antiseptic mouthwash. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Listerine:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a brand of antiseptic mouthwash. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Listerine:}{\f0\ul  (trademark)}{\f0  a brand of antiseptic mouthwash. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Listerine:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a brand of antiseptic mouthwash. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 listing:}{\f0  a special procedure used in some processes where the auditor writes down items said by the preclear in response to a question by the auditor in the exact sequence that they are given to him by the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul listing:}{\f0  a special procedure used in some processes where the auditor writes down items said by the preclear in response to a question by the auditor in the exact sequence that they are given to him by the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 listing:}{\f0  a special procedure used in some processes where the auditor writes down items said by the preclear in response to a question by the auditor in the exact sequence that they are given to him by the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 listing:}{\f0  a special procedure used in some processes where the auditor writes down items said by the preclear in response to a question by the auditor in the exact sequence that they are given to him by the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 listing:}{\f0  a special procedure used in some processes where the auditor writes down items said by the preclear in response to a question by the auditor in the exact sequence that they are given to him by the preclear. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 listing: }{\b\f0\ul see Listing and Nulling}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Listing and Nulling: }{\b\f0\ul listing}{\f0  is the auditor's action in writing down items said by the pc in response to a question by the auditor. }{\f0\ul Nulling}{\f0 
 is the auditor's action in saying items from a list to a pc and noting the reaction of the pc by use of an E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Listing and Nulling:}{\f0 
 the auditor's action in writing down items said by the pc in response to a question by the auditor (listing) and then the auditor's action in saying items from a list to a pc and noting the reaction of the pc by use of an E-Meter (nulling). \emdash OEC -
 }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Listing and Nulling:}{\f0 
 the auditor's action in writing down items said by the pc in response to a question by the auditor (listing) and then the auditor's action in saying items from a list to a pc and noting the reaction of the pc by use of an E-Meter (nulling). \emdash }{
\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 listing line:}{\f0  in certain procedures for processing goals, once the pc's goal was found, the exact wording of four specific types of question were established. For example, if the goal were \ldblquote to catch catfish,\rdblquote 
 the questions would be \ldblquote Who or what would want to catch catfish?\rdblquote  \ldblquote Who or what would oppose catching catfish?\rdblquote  \ldblquote Who or what would not oppose catching catfish?\rdblquote  and \ldblquote 
Who or what would not want to catch catfish?\rdblquote  Each of these questions is called a listing line. These are then further used in processing the pc's goal. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Goals Assessment}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 listing}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 Listing Prepcheck:}{\f0 
 a prepcheck which was done before and during listing of goals, before beginning to list items for any goal from the four lines and during listing. Thereafter it was to be done every fifth session. This Listing Prepcheck form was issued as HCOPL 17 July 6
2 ROUTINE 3GA HCO WW R-3GA Form 1, LISTING PREPCHECK. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 prepcheck, listing, goal}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Routine 3GA}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 list, I will eat the:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul I'll eat my hat,}{\f0  an expression used to emphasize a speaker's belief that a fact, statement, etc., is true or that something will happen as stated. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 list line:}{\f0 
 in certain procedures for processing goals, a question asked of a pc which is then further used in processing the pc's goal.  Once the pc's goal was found, the exact wording of four specific types of question were established. For example, if the goal wa
s \ldblquote to catch catfish,\rdblquote  the questions would be \ldblquote Who or what would want to catch catfish?\rdblquote  \ldblquote Who or what would oppose catching catfish?\rdblquote  \ldblquote Who or what would not oppose catching catfish?
\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Who or what would not want to catch catfish?\rdblquote  Each of these questions is called a list line, also called a listing line. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 listing}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 goal}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 List One:}{\f0 
 an assessment used in R2H sessions (and general sessions of all kinds) where an ARC break had occurred or at session end. This was one of a number of assessments issued in July 1963 for use in finding by-passed charge in various auditing activities. }{
\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 R2H}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 bypassed charge}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 literal:}{\f0 *** represented or portrayed exactly, without idealization, as in art or literature. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 literate:}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0  knowledgeable; educated. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 literi:}{\f0  reference to }{\f0\ul literati,}{\f0  men of letters; scholarly or learned people. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lithuanian:}{\f0  a native or inhabitant of Lithuania, a republic within the USSR. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lithuanian:}{\f0  the language of }{\f0\ul Lithuania,}{\f0  a country bordered by Poland to the south and a portion of Russia to the southwest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 litigation:}{\f0  the act or process of carrying on a lawsuit. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 litten:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (poetic) }{\f0 lighted. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Little Beaver:}{\f0  the name of a Navaho orphan adopted by a cowboy named Red Ryder, characters in a comic strip, }{\f0\ul Red Ryder, }{\f0 by Fred Harman. The strip began November 6, 1938 and within 10 ye
ars it was syndicated in 750 newspapers around the world. Little Beaver became a radio show in 1942.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90), updated 15 September 1994 from }{\f0\ul Encyclopedia of American Comics  
\par }{\b\f0\ul Little Beaver:}{\f0  *** NOTE THIS ENTRY CONTAINS SPELLING ERRORS IN NAMES AND IS CORRECTED IN THE ENTRY OF SAME NAME ABOVE *** 
\par      the name of a Navaho orphan adopted by a cowboy named Red Rider, characters in a nationally syndicated comic strip by Fred Harmon. Little Beaver became a radio show in 1942.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Little Bide-a-Wee Space Jockey Society:}{\f0  a made-up name for a space society. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Little Bighorn:}{\f0 
 a river in the United States flowing from northern Wyoming to southern Montana into the Bighorn River. It was the site of the Battle of Little Bighorn: the clash between General George A. Custer's United States cavalry troops and several groups of Americ
an Indians near the Little Bighorn River in Montana in 1876. Custer had been pursuing a group of 
Sioux Indians, led by Sitting Bull (1834 - 1890), who had risen in arms against settlement of the country. He seriously underestimated the size of the Sioux forces, who were supported by Cheyenne warriors. They killed Custer and every one of his soldiers.
 }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Sioux Indians}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Little Bighorn:}{\f0  a river rising (beginning) in northern Wyoming and flowing northward about 90 miles to join the Bighorn (a river) in southern Montana. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Little Caesar:}{\f0  any boss of a criminal gang or mob. The term is used here in reference to the film \ldblquote Little Caesar\rdblquote 
 starring Edward G. Robinson (1930), which shows the rise and fall of a gang boss closely modeled on Al Capone (a leader of organized crime in Chicago in the late 1920s, involved in gambling, the illegal sale of alcohol and prostitution). \emdash }{
\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Little Eva:}{\f0  a character in the novel }{\f0\ul Uncle Tom's Cabin}{\f0  by Harriet Beecher Stowe. In the lecture LRH refers to th
e differences between Little Eva, the young white daughter of Uncle Tom's slave owner, and an impish Negro child named Topsy. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Uncle Tom's Cabin}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul 
And now that we need it, I've turned around and reviewed it, and I find out what is now called the CCHs bears no resemblance\'d1any more than Little Eva did to Topsy in Uncle Tom's Cabin. \emdash SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Little Jack Horner sat in the corner, eating curds and hay:}{\f0  a humorous allusion to two nursery rhymes: }{\f0\ul Little Jack Horner }{\f0 which has the following lines in it: / \ldblquote 
Little Jack Horner sat in the corner, / Eating a Christmas pie;\rdblquote  / and }{\f0\ul Little Miss Muffett}{\f0  which starts: / \ldblquote Little Miss Muffett / Sat on a tuffet, / Eating some curds and whey.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Little Nell:}{\f0  a made-up name used by a heroine in a serial. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Little Nell:}{\f0  young girl who leads a life of hardship and eventually dies, in the novel }{\f0\ul The Old Curiosity Shop}{\f0  by Charles Dickens (1812-70). \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Little Orphan Annie:}{\f0  a twelve-year-old orphan girl who was the main character of }{\f0\ul Little Orphan Annie,}{\f0  a comic strip by Harold Gray. Annie was described by Gray as having \ldblquote a heart of gold, but a wicked left.
\rdblquote  She had a faithful dog named Sandy and a guardian named Oliver \ldblquote Daddy\rdblquote  Warbucks who was a billionaire capitalist and defender of free enterprise, rugged individualism and the Puritan ethic. In no sense comic, }{\f0\ul 
Little Orphan Annie}{\f0  was a deadly serious work on the constant threats to the American
 way of life posed by subversive elements ranging from simple crooks to blind liberals to wily Communists. Annie's life was one of adventure and intrigue in which virtue fought evil at every turn. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 little people:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (folklore and legend)}{\f0  fairies, diminutive supernatural beings of human shape, with magical powers, such as brownies, dwarfs, elves, gnomes, goblins, leprechauns and pixies. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Little Red Riding-Hood:}{\f0  a nursery tale in whic
h a little girl bringing a present to her grandmother is devoured by a wolf who has disguised himself in the old lady's ruffled nightcap. The brothers Grimm (two German authors of the early nineteenth century, remembered mostly for their collection of fai
ry tales) added a happy ending to the tale: a huntsman slits open the wolf and restores the child and her grandmother to life. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Little Rock:}{\f0  the capital of and largest city in Arkansas, United States. In 1957, federal troops were sent into Little Rock to enforce the United States Supreme Court ruling of a trial against racial segregation in public schools. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 little tin soldiers and angels with golden hair: }{\f0 a reference to the poem }{\f0\ul Little Boy Blue }{\f0 by Eugene Field (1850 - 95), American poet and journalist, known for his children's verse.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{
\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 livery stable: }{\f0 
a building where horses are kept for their owner in return for a fee, or where horses may be used in exchange for a fee. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lives, where (someone): }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  at or to the right or vital point. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{
\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lives, where (someone): }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  at or to the right or vital point. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights:}{\f0  from the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote  this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when ref
erring to handling or doing something completely or thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights:}{\f0 *** from the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely or thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out it, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote 
 This portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights, out of:}{\f0  from the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely or thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of (someone), the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote   \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote  This portion of the phrase is often used in simil
ar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote 
 This portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote 
 this portion of the phrase is often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0 *** completely or thoroughly. From the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  (do something) completely or thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0  (do something) completely or thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 completely or thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang) }{\f0 completely or thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 completely or thoroughly. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  vigorously; thoroughly. An adaptation of the expression }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of}{\f0  meaning to give a good beating to (someone). }{\f0\ul Daylights}{\f0 
 is a slang word meaning the inward parts of the body or insides. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 living daylights out of, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  vigorously; thoroughly. An adaptation of the expression }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of}{\f0  meaning to give a good beating to (someone). }{\f0\ul Daylights}{\f0 
 is a slang word meaning the inward parts of the body or insides. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 living end, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the very end; an addition to a difficult job or situation that makes it almost unbearable; the final and most severe of a series of difficulties. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul livingness:}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul livingness:}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (d
riven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0 
 the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 livingness:***}{\f0  the activity of going along a certain course, impelled (driven) by a purpose and with some place to arrive.\emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the state, quality or an instance of living. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the state, quality or an instance of living. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 livingness:}{\f0  the state, quality or an instance of living. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 living pants off, the:}{\f0  completely or thoroughly. A variation of the common phrase }{\f0\ul beat the living daylights out of,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to defeat or thrash thoroughly,\rdblquote  this portion of the phrase is
 often used in similar constructions when referring to handling or doing something completely.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 llamas:}{\f0  South American animals related to the camel but smaller and without humps: the llama is used as a beast of burden and for its wool, flesh and milk. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 LL.D.:}{\f0  abbreviation for Legum Doctor, Latin for Doctor of Laws, an honorary doctorate awarded by a college or university. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lloyd's:}{\f0  a huge insurance corporation based in London, England. Incorporated in 1871, it deals in insurance of almost every kind, but is most noted for its insurance of oceangoing vessels. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lloyd's:}{\f0  a huge insurance corporation based in London, England. Incorporated in 1871, it deals in insurance of almost every kind, but is most noted for its insurance of oceangoing vessels. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lloyd's:}{\f0  a huge insurance corporation based in London, England. Incorporated in 1871, it deals in insurance of almost every kind, but is most noted for its insurance of oceangoing vessels. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Lloyd's:}{\f0  of or from Lloyd's, a huge insurance corporation based in London, England. Incorporated in 1871, it deals in insurance of almost every kind, but is most noted for its insurance of oceangoing vessels. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10
}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lloyd's Weekly Shipping Register:}{\f0  a publication containing data about oceangoing vessels of all nations.}{\f0\ul  Lloyd's}{\f0  is the
 name of a London association of underwriters and agency for arranging insurance (formerly marine insurance only, but now nearly all kinds). \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 (L nine s) L9S:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul List 9 Short,}{\f0  a previous name for L11, The New Life Rundown. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lo:}{\f0  look! see! \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lo!:}{\f0  look! see! \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loaded: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  under the influence of alcohol or drugs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 loads: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very much; a great deal. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 loaf:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Americanism) }{\f0 spend time idly; lounge about; dawdle.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 loaf:}{\f0  lounge or saunter lazily and idly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 loaf:}{\f0  spend time idly; loiter or lounge about; idle, dawdle, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 loafed:}{\f0  idled away time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul loahhn:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loam:}{\f0  earth or soil. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lo and behold:}{\f0  look and see (used as an expression of great surprise). \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul lo and behold:}{\f0  look and see (used as an expression of great surprise). \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lo and behold:}{\f0  look and see (used as an expression of great surprise). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loath:}{\f0  unwilling; reluctant; disinclined; averse. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 loaves:}{\f0 *** amounts of money; from the slang usage of }{\f0\ul bread, }{\f0 meaning money. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 lobbying: }{\f0 influencing lawmakers in voting for or against certain laws, in order to benefit a special group. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 lobbyist:}{\f0  a person who tries to influence legislators in their votes or executives in their administration of laws, especially a member of a group (lobby) having special interests or favoring particular legislation. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lobbyist:}{\f0  a person who tries to influence legislators in their votes or executives in their administration of laws, especially a member of a group (lobby) having special interests or favoring particular legislation.\emdash }{\f0\ul 
Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Locational:}{\f0  a process run to help a person locate things and himself in the environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 locational process:}{\f0  a process run to help a person locate things and himself in the environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Locational Process:}{\f0  a Scientology process which is done by walking around with a person, both indoors and out of doors, telling him \ldblquote Look at that }{\f0\ul (indicated object)}{\f0 ,\rdblquote 
 using objects such as a chair, a tree, a car, the floor, the ceiling, a house, etc. The person running the locational would point at the object each time. It is simply run until the person is brighter and has a win. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Locational Processing:}{\f0  a type of Scientology auditing in which the auditor 
has the preclear notice objects and people in the environment. The object of Locational Processing is to establish an adequacy of communication terminals in the environment of the preclear. It can be run in busy thoroughfares, graveyards, confused traffic
 or anywhere there is or is not motion of objects and people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Locational Processing:}{\f0  processing which consists of having the person look at various things in the immediate environment. The auditor points out and
 has the person look at many different objects (including the injured body part, if the person has a specific injury) so as to diminish the person's pain and improve his condition.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90

\par }{\b\f0 Locational Processing:}{\f0  Scientology processing which is done by walking around with a person, both indoors and out of doors, telling him \ldblquote Look at that }{\f0\ul (indicated object)}{\f0 ,\rdblquote 
 using objects such as a chair, a tree, a car, the floor, the ceiling, a house, etc. The person running the Locational would point at the object each time. It is simply run until the person is brighter and has a win. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Locational Processing:}{\f0  Scientology processing which is done by walking around with a person, both indoors and out of doors, telling him \ldblquote Look at that }{\f0\ul (indicated object)}{\f0 ,\rdblquote 
 using objects such as a chair, a tree, a car, the floor, the ceiling, a house, etc. The person running the Locational would point at the object each time. It is simply run until the person is brighter and has a win. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Location by Contact:}{\f0  CCH 5. See HCOB 11 June 57, TRAINING AND CCH PROCESSES, in the appendix of this volume for data on this process. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 location (of the thetan):}{\f0 
 the thetan is an energy unit which is located in the center of the skull. It is conceived to be small but is as large as the preclear believes it to be. A thetan who cannot leave the current body very often believes himself to be holding on onl
y to the current body, and yet in actuality is holding on to a facsimile of an earlier body. The thetan also believes himself to be the size of some earlier body. A thetan from the Fifth Invader Force believes himself to be a very strange insect-like crea
ture with unthinkably horrible hands. He believes himself to be occupying such a body, but is in actuality simply a unit capable of producing space, time, energy and matter. \emdash }{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008 - Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Loch Ness:}{\f0  a lake in northwestern Scotland well known for being the home of the \ldblquote Loch Ness Monster
\rdblquote , a supposed prehistoric monster, described as 30 feet long with two humps, a snake-like head at the end of a long neck and two flippers about the middle of the body, first sighted in April 1933. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock: }{\f0 a mental image picture of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up).  See also }{\b\f0 secondary}{\f0 
 and }{\b\f0 engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock: }{\f0 a mental image picture of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lock: }{\f0 a mental image picture of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram
}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 secondary}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lock: }{\f0 a mental image picture of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lock: }{\f0 a mental image picture of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 
secondaries}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a mental image picture of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). See also }{\b\f0 
mental image pictures, secondaries}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 engram}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a mental image picture of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated. See also }{\b\f0 
mental image picture, secondary, engram}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 restimulation}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a mental image picture of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  and }{
\b\f0 mental image picture}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lock: }{\f0 
a mental image pictures of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries (periods of anguish brought about by major losses or threats of loss to the individual) and engrams which the experien
ce has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  an analytical moment in which the perceptics of the engram are app
roximated, thus restimulating the engram or brin  ging it into action, the present-time perceptics being erroneously interpreted by the reactive mind to mean that the same condition which produced physical pain once before is now again at hand. \emdash }{
\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  pp. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  an analytical moment in which the perceptics of the engram are approximated, thus restimulating the engram or bringing it into action, the present-time perceptics being erroneously interpreted by the reactive mind to mean that the s
ame condition which produced physical pain once before is now again at hand. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  an incident which, with or without charge, is in conscious recall and which }{\f0\ul seems}{\f0  to be the reason a person is aberrated. It is a moment of mental discomfort containing no physical pain and no great loss. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul charge}{\f0  and }{\b\f0\ul aberration}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a picture in the mind of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}
{\f0  and }{\b\f0 secondary}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a picture in the mind of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}
{\f0  and }{\b\f0 secondary}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a picture in the mind of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}
{\f0  and }{\b\f0 secondary}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a picture in the mind of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}
{\f0  and }{\b\f0 secondary}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a picture in the mind of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}
{\f0  and }{\b\f0 secondary}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock:}{\f0  a picture in the mind of a nonpainful but disturbing experience the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}
{\f0  and }{\b\f0 secondary}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Locke:}{\f0  John Locke (1632 - 1704), English philosopher who argued against the belief that human beings are born with certain ideas already in their minds. He claimed that, on the contrary, the mind is a }{\f0\ul tabula rasa}{\f0 
 (blank slate) until experience begins to \ldblquote write\rdblquote  on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Locke:}{\f0  John Locke (1632 - 1704), English philosopher who argued against the belief that human beings are born with certain ideas already in their minds. He claimed that, on the contrary, the mind is a }{\f0\ul tabula rasa}{\f0 
 (blank slate) until experience begins to \ldblquote write\rdblquote  on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Locke:}{\f0  John Locke (1632 - 1704), English philosopher who argued against the belief that human beings are born with certain ideas already in their minds. He claimed that, on the contrary, the mind is a }{\f0\ul tabula rasa}{\f0 
 (blank slate) until experience begins to \ldblquote write\rdblquote  on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Locke:}{\f0  John Locke (1632 - 1704), English philosopher who argued against the belief that human beings are born with certain ideas already in their minds. He claimed that, on the contrary, the mind is a }{\f0\ul tabula rasa}{\f0 
 (blank slate) until experience begins to \ldblquote write\rdblquote  on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Locke:}{\f0  John Locke (1632 - 1704), English philosopher who argued against the belief that human beings are born with certain ideas already in their minds. He claimed that, on the contrary, the mind is a }{\f0\ul tabula rasa}{\f0  (blank slate)
 until experience begins to \ldblquote write\rdblquote  on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Locke:}{\f0  John Locke (1632 - 1704), English philosopher who argued against the belief that human beings are born with certain ideas already in their minds. He claimed that, on the contrary, the mind is a }{\f0\ul tabula rasa}{\f0 
 (blank slate) until experience begins to \ldblquote write\rdblquote  on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Locke, John:}{\f0  (1632 - 1704) English philosopher who argued against the belief that human beings are born with certain ideas already in their minds. He claimed that, on the contrary, the mind is a }{\f0\ul tabula rasa}{\f0 
 (blank slate) until experience begins to \ldblquote write\rdblquote  on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 locks:}{\f0 
 analytical moments in which the perceptics of the engram are approximated, thus restimulating the engram or bringing it into action, the present-time perceptics being erroneously interpreted by the reactive mind to mean that the same condition which prod
uced physical pain once before is now again at hand. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 locks:}{\f0  mental image pictures of nonpainful but disturbing experiences the person has had, which depends for its force on earlier secondaries and engrams which the experience has restimulated (stirred up). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram 
}{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reactive mind }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 lock-scan:}{\f0  run a process in which one contacts an early lock on the track and goes rapidly or slowly through all such similar incidents straight to present time. One does this many times and the whole chain of locks becomes ineff
ective in influencing one.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul lock}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock-scan:}{\f0 
 run a process in which one contacts an early lock on the track and goes rapidly or slowly through all such similar incidents straight to present time. One does this many times and the whole chain of locks becomes ineffective in influencing one.}{\f0\ul 
 See also }{\b\f0\ul lock}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Lock Scanning:}{\f0  a process in which one contacts an early lock on the track and goes
 rapidly or slowly through all such similar incidents straight to present time. One does this many times and the whole chain of locks becomes ineffective in influencing one. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990

\par }{\b\f0 Lock Scanning: }{\f0 
a process which starts the preclear from a point in the past with which he has made solid contact up through all similar incidents without verbalization. This is done over and over, each time trying to start at an earlier incident of the same kind, until 
the preclear extroverts on the subject of the chain. }{\f0\ul Boil-off}{\f0  often results wherein the preclear seems to go to sleep. Avoid boil-off for it is not therapeutic and will eventually result in reduced tone. }{\f0\ul Boil-off}{\f0 
 is a lazy auditor's excuse to be idle and facsimiles in such severe conflict that they will not resolve without resolving postulates first. Lock scanning is a standardized drill, starting on signal and ended with the preclear saying he is again in presen
t time. It can be done on any subject. }{\b\f0 Above}{\f0  2.0 (on the Tone Scale) only. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lock scanning:}{\f0  contacting an early lock on the track and going rapidly or slowly through all such similar incidents straight to present time. One does this many times and the whole chain of locks becomes ineffective in influencing one. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock, stock and barrel:}{\f0  completely; entirely; including every part. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lock, stock and barrel:}{\f0  completely; entirely; including every part, item or facet, no matter how small or insignificant. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lock, stock and barrel:}{\f0  completely; entirely; including every part, item or facet, no matter how small or insignificant. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 locomotor ataxia: }{\f0 degenerative disease of the spinal cord marked by loss of control over walking and certain other voluntary movements, and severe pains in the internal organs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 locus aberratus:}{\f0  a coined phrase meaning center or source of aberration. }{\f0\ul Locus}{\f0  is Latin for \ldblquote a place,\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul aberratus}{\f0  is a humorously Latinized form of \ldblquote aberration.\rdblquote  
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote locus aberratus\rdblquote :}{\f0  a coined phrase meaning center or source of aberration. }{\f0\ul Locus}{\f0  is Latin for \ldblquote a place,\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul aberratus}{\f0  is a humorously Latinized form of \ldblquote 
aberration.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul LOD -
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 L1:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul List One. See also }{\b\f0\ul List One}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 L1:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Scientology List One}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Scientology List one}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 L1RA:}{\f0  the Integrity Processing and O/Ws Repair List at the time of this lecture. It is now replaced by the Confessional Repair List\'d1LCRE. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 L6:}{\f0  List 6; at the time of the lecture, the list for handling bypassed charge or ARC breaks in running Routine 6. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  R6}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lodge:}{\f0  the members composing a branch of certain fraternal organizations. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lodge, Henry Cabot:}{\f0 
 Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr. (1902 - 1985) US Senator from Massachusetts (1937 - 1944, 1947 - 1953). He served in the United States Army prior to being elected to the Senate, and favored a United States policy of nonentanglement in foreign quarrels, combined w
ith a strong army and navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Loeb and Leopold:}{\f0  Richard Loeb and Nathan Leopold, confessed kidnappers and murderers in a highly sensationalized case in 1924. Young and very intelligent, they proclaimed that men of genius, \ldblquote supermen,\rdblquote 
 were above the law. They had done the murder just for the thrill of committing the perfect crime, absolved from guilt in their own minds because they thought they were \ldblquote supermen.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 loft: }{\f0 to hit (a ball) into the air or strike it so as to lift it over an obstacle. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 logarithmic: }{\f0 having to do with logarithms, a system used in mathematics to shorten calculations. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 logarithmic:}{\f0  having to do with logarithms, a system used in mathematics to shorten calculations. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 logarithmic:}{\f0  having to do with logarithms, a system used in mathematics to shorten calculations. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 logarithmic tetrahedral: }{\b\f0\ul logarithmic: }{\f0 of a logarithm, a figure that tells to what power a certain fixed number, as ten, must be
 raised to equal a given number. For example, the logarithm of 100 is 2, when 10 is taken as the fixed number (10}{\f0\up6 2}{\f0  = 100). Such numbers are listed in tables to shorten the working of problems in mathematics. }{\f0\ul Tetrahedral:}{\f0 
 of a tetrahedron, a solid object with four sides; a pyramid with three sides and a triangular base. The phrase }{\f0\ul logarithmic tetrahedral}{\f0 
 has no sensible meaning and is used humorously in the lecture to indicate very educated sounding nonsense. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor, }{\f0 from}{\f0\ul  Webster's Dictionary for Young Readers}{\f0  and}{\f0\ul  Oxford American Dictionary}{\f0 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 logic:}{\f0  the subject of reasoning. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 logic:}{\f0  the subject of reasoning. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 logic:}{\f0  the subject of reasoning. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0  a method of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0  a method of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0  a method of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0  a method of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0  a method of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0  a method of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0 *** a method of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{
\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0  a method of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Logics:}{\f0  methods of thinking. They apply to any universe or any thinking process. They are the forms of thought behavior which can, but do not necessarily have to, be used in creating universes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 logics:}{\f0 *** systems or methods of reasoning. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 loginess:}{\f0  lack of physical or mental energy or vitality; sluggishness; dullness; lethargy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul logique: (French)}{\f0  logic. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul logique: (French)}{\f0  logic. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 logjam: }{\b\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  an obstacle formed by the accumulation of many items to deal with. From the literal sense of an obstacle formed by logs jamming together in a stream. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 logjam:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US)}{\f0  an obstacle formed by the accumulation of many items to deal with. From the literal sense of an obstacle formed by logs jamming together in a stream. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 loins, girded up his:}{\f0  got himself ready for action. From the ancient Jews, who wore loose garments which they girded (fastened with a belt or band) about their loins (the part of the body between the ribs and the hip
bone) when traveling or working. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lolly: }{\b\f0\ul (British informal)}{\f0  a piece of candy, especially hard candy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lolly:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British informal)}{\f0  a piece of candy, especially hard candy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lolly:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British informal)}{\f0  a treat; something that gives great pleasure. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lollygagging:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 spending time idly; loafing. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Lombovia:}{\f0  a made-up name for a place. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  a Scientology organization in the city of London, capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  the capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  the capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  the capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  the Scientology organization in the city of London, capital of the United Kingdom. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London:}{\f0  the Scientology organization in the city of London, the capital of the United Kingdom. Located in southeast England on the Thames River. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 London Bridge: }{\f0 a bridge built in 1209 across the Thames river in London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 London Bridge: }{\f0 a bridge built in 1209 across the Thames river in London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London Bridge:}{\f0  the most famous bridge in London, England. It was built across the Thames River between 1825 and 1831 and has a length of 928 feet.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London County Council:}{\f0  the administrative government body for the County of London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London County Council: }{\f0 the administrative government body for the County of London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 London County Council: }{\f0 the administrative government body for the County of London, England.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London Daily Mail:}{\f0  a newspaper published in London, England. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\ul London Daily Mail:}{\f0  the name of a newspaper published in London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul London Daily Mail:}{\f0  the name of a newspaper published in London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul London Express:}{\f0  a company in London, England, which publishes newspapers, such as the }{\f0\ul Daily Express}{\f0  and the }{\f0\ul Sunday Express.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 London Films:}{\f0  a British production company founded in the 1930s by Hungarian producer-director Sir Alexander Korda (1893 - 1956). It was one of t
he largest film production companies in England during the 1930s and had many leading names operating under its banner.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London Palladium:}{\f0  a theater in London, England. From 1871 to 1887 it was used solely for the performances of circuses. It was reconstructed and opened as a music hall in 1910 and has been used mainly for musicals since that time. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London Palladium Theater:}{\f0  a theater in London, England. From 1871 - 1887 it was used solely for the performances of circuses. It was reconstructed and opened as a music hall in 1910 and has been used mainly for musicals since that time.}{
\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 London Philharmonic:}{\f0  members of the London Philharmonic Orchestra, a famous English ensemble established in 1932. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 (L one b) L1B:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 an earlier version of an L1C. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul L1C}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (L one c) L1C:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul List 1C, }{\f0 a correction list used by auditors in session when an upset occurs, or as ordered by C/S. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Lone Ranger:}{\f0 
 a radio program first aired in 1933 and later made into a television program in 1949. The story is set in Texas in the nineteenth century and tells the tales of the Lone Ranger, and his trusted Indian friend, Tonto, as they track down and apprehend the n
otorious gang responsible for the murder of the Lone Ranger's brother and 4 other Texas Rangers. The Lone Ranger and Tonto cut a trail of law and order across seven states, forcing \ldblquote the powers of darkness into the blinding light of justice.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lonesome:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  self. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 long and short of, the:}{\f0  all that need be said; the essence or whole sum of the matter in brief. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 long and the short of:}{\f0  all that need be said; the essence or whole sum of the matter in brief. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 long and the short of:}{\f0  all that need be said; the essence or whole sum of the matter in brief. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 long and the short of, the:}{\f0  all that needs to be said; the basic fact; the point. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 long-arm:}{\f0  far-reaching. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Long Beach:}{\f0  a city in southwest California, south of Los Angeles; a seaside resort. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Long Beach:}{\f0  a resort city on the Pacific Ocean in southwest California, United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Long Beach:}{\f0  a resort city on the Pacific Ocean in southwest California, United States. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 Long Beach:}{\f0  a resort city on the Pacific Ocean in southwest California, United States.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Long Beach:}{\f0  a resort city on the Pacific Ocean in southwest California, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1
Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 longbow:}{\f0  a large bow drawn by hand and shooting a long, feathered arrow. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}
{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, drawing a:}{\f0 
 exaggerating. A longbow is a large bow drawn by hand, as that used by English archers from the 12th to the 16th centuries. It is said that a good archer could hit between the fingers of a man's hand at a considerable distance, and could propel his arrow 
a mile. The tales told about longbow exploits fully justify the application of the phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, drawing a:}{\f0  exagge
rating. A longbow is a large bow drawn by hand, as that used by English archers from the 12th to the 16th centuries. It is said that a good archer could hit between the fingers of a man's hand at a considerable distance, and could propel his arrow a mile.
 The tales told about longbow exploits fully justify the application of the phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, drawing a:}{\f0  exaggerating. A longbow is a large bow drawn by hand, as that used by English archers from the 12th to the 16th centur
ies. It is said that a good archer could hit between the fingers of a man's hand at a considerable distance, and could propel his arrow a mile. The tales told about longbow exploits fully justify the application of the phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, drawing a:}{\f0 
 exaggerating. A longbow is a large bow drawn by hand, as that used by English archers from the 12th to the 16th centuries. It is said that a good archer could hit between the fingers of a man's hand at a considerable distance, and c
ould propel his arrow a mile. The tales told about longbow exploits fully justify the application of the phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, drawing a:}{\f0 
*** exaggerating. A longbow is a large bow drawn by hand, as that used by English archers from the 12th to the 16th centuries. It is said that a good archer could hit between the fingers of a man's hand at a considerable distance, and could propel his arr
ow a mile. The tales told about longbow exploits fully justify the application of the phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, pulled a:}{\f0 
 exaggerated. A longbow is a large bow drawn by hand, as that used by English archers from the twelfth to the sixteenth centuries. It is said that a good archer could hit between the fingers of a man's hand at a considerable distance, and could propel his
 arrow a mile. The tales told about longbow exploits fully justify the application of the phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, pulling a: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 going beyond the limits of the truth, e.g., in order to impress or surprise. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul draw the longbow.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, stringing a:}{\f0 
 exaggerating. A longbow is a large bow drawn by hand, as that used by English archers from the 12th to the 16th centuries. It is said that a good archer could hit between the fingers of a man's hand at a considerable distance, and could propel his arrow 
a mile. The tales told about longbow exploits fully justify the application of the phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longbow, stringing a:}{\f0 
 exaggerating. A longbow is a large bow drawn by hand, as that used by English archers from the 12th to the 16th centuries. It is said that a good archer could hit between the fingers of a man's hand at a considerable distance, and could propel his arrow 
a mile. The tales told about longbow exploits fully justify the application of the phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 long day of Sundays:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul a month of Sundays,}{\f0  a long time. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longevity:}{\f0  the length or duration of life. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 longhair:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a person devoted to the arts. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 long haul:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a long and arduous period. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 long haul: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a long and arduous period. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 longitude:}{\f0  distance measured in degrees east or west of a line running north and south through Greenwich (section of London) England. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Long John:}{\f0  reference to the \ldblquote Long John Nebel Talk Show.\rdblquote  A television program airing in New York in the early 1960s, hosted by Long John Nebel. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Long John Silver:}{\f0  a character from the book }{\f0\ul Treasure Island}{\f0 
 by Robert Louis Stevenson. The story is about a young boy, Jim Hawkins, who joins with two men in hiring a ship to search for buried treasure. Among the ship's crew are the p
irate Long John Silver and his men, who are after the treasure for themselves. With considerable courage and the aid of his friends, Jim foils their plans and gains the treasure. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Long John television program:}{\f0  the \ldblquote Long John Nebel Talk Show.\rdblquote  A television program airing in New York in the early 1960s, hosted by Long John Nebel. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 long pig:}{\f0  human flesh as food for cannibals. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 long pig: }{\f0 human flesh as food for cannibals. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 long-run:}{\f0  extending over a long time.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 long run, in the:}{\f0  finally; after everything has been considered. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 longshore:}{\f0  existing, found, or employed along the shore, especially at or near a seaport. A variation of }{\f0\ul alongshore. }{\f0 Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longshore:}{\f0  existing, found, or employed along the shore, especially at or near a seaport. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longshore crew:}{\f0  crew who work on the waterfront loading and unloading ships. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longshoremen:}{\f0  persons who work on the waterfront loading and unloading ships. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longshore unions:}{\f0  associations of workers to protect and further the welfare, interests and rights of longshoremen (dock workers who load and unload ships).}{\f0\ul  \emdash 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 longshoring:}{\f0  the type of work done at a port. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 long-winded:}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0  speaking or writing at great, often tiresome length. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 long-winded:}{\f0  wearisomely verbose. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Look:}{\f0  an American publication in print at the time of this lecture that contained many photographs and articles of current activities. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote Look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0 *** an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0 *** an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8, 9, 11, 12, 17, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26, 30, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-here:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-there:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look there.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 look-a-there:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look there.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 look before I leap:}{\f0  reference to the proverb \ldblquote look before you leap,\rdblquote  meaning you should know what you are getting into before you commit yourself. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul look before I leap:}{\f0  reference to the proverb \ldblquote look before you leap,\rdblquote  meaning you should know what you are getting into before you commit yourself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 looked down on:}{\f0  despised; scorned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 looker-forer:}{\f0  a coined term for a person who looks for something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lookingness:}{\f0  a coined word meaning the action, quality or condition of looking. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lookingness:}{\f0  the state, quality or an instance of looking. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lookit:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US colloquial)}{\f0  look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lookit:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US colloquial)}{\f0  look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Look magazine:}{\f0  an American publication in print at the time of this lecture that contained many photographs and articles of current activities. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Look magazine:}{\f0  a publication no longer in print that contained many photographs and articles of current activities. Similar to }{\f0\ul Life}{\f0  magazine. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lookout:}{\f0  a person who watches outside the ship for other ships, objects, hazards, menaces to navigation, atmospheric changes, etc., and reports them. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lookout: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a thing to be cared for or worried about. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lookout: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a thing to be cared for or worried about. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 lookout: }{\f0 person who watches outside the ship for other ships, objects in the water, hazards, menaces to navigation, cloud changes, sea changes, etc., and reports them. A lookout is the eyes of the Conning Officer. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul Con }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 look up to:}{\f0  respect; admire. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 looky-here:}{\f0  an everyday-speech expression meaning simply \ldblquote look here.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loony:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 loony:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 crazy; insane. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loony bin: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an insane asylum or the psychiatric ward of a hospital. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loony bin: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an insane asylum or the psychiatric ward of a hospital. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loony bin: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an insane asylum or the psychiatric ward of a hospital. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote loop\rdblquote :}{\f0 
 literally, a length of film or magnetic tape whose ends have been joined to form an endless strip, so that continuous repetition of the recording is made possible (e.g., in rehearsing the synchronization required for dubbing a foreign-language sound trac
k). Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 loop:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a crazy person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loopholes:}{\f0  means of escape; especially means of evading or escaping an obligation, enforcement of a law or contract, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 loopiest:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  craziest. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loopiness:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  craziness. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 looping:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  being crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loops:}{\f0  redoublings of the time track back on itself. In the case of a loop, incidents are not in their correct place on the time track.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Loop, the:}{\f0  the commercial center of Chicago, Illinois. It gets its name from the elevated railway that forms a loop around two square miles of the city's downtown area. }{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loop, thrown for a:***}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  thrown into a state of confusion or shock. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 loop, thrown for a: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  thrown into a state of confusion or shock.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 loop, thrown for a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  thrown into a state of confusion or shock. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 loop, thrown (something) for a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  thrown (something) into a state of confusion or shock. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 loopy:}{\f0  crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 loopy:}{\f0  crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 loopy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loopy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loopy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10, 24, 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loopy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  slightly crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 loose:}{\f0  lacking conventional moral restraint in sexual behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Loran:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Lo}{\f0 ng }{\f0\ul Ra}{\f0 nge }{\f0\ul N}{\f0 
avigation; a system by which a ship or aircraft can determine its position by the difference in time between radio signals sent from two or more known stations. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Loran:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Lo}{\f0 ng }{\f0\ul Ra}{\f0 nge }{\f0\ul N}{\f0 avigation; a system by which a ship or aircraft can determine its position by the difference in time between radio signals sent from two or more known stations. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 L-orbit:}{\f0  same as }{\b\f0\ul L-ring}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physics) }{\f0 
the second shell of electrons surrounding the nucleus of an atom and containing, when filled, eight electrons. The inner four rings or shells of an electron are called the K-shell, L-shell, M-shell and N-shell. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lord:}{\f0  (in Great Britain) a nobleman holding a rank. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lord:}{\f0  in Great Britain; a nobleman holding a rank. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord Chief Justice:}{\f0  the chief judge of the supreme court of common law in England. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord forbid: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  may it never happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lord forbid:}{\f0  may God prevent (something from happening); I hope that will not happen or is not true. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord help you:}{\f0  a phrase expressing a warning, plea, etc.}{\f0\ul  \emdash HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only someone more powerful than man can possibly know or realize (usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4, 5, 6, 7, 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only someone more powerful than man can possibly know or realize (usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something). \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only someone more powerful than man can possibly know or realize (usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something). \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only someone more powerful than man can possibly know or realize (usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only someone more powerful than man can possibly know or realize (usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only someone more powerful than man can possibly know or realize (usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something). \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only someone more powerful than man can possibly know or realize (usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  only someone more powerful than man can possibly know or realize (usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something). \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (A
pproved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul God knows. See }{\b\f0\ul God knows}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  (Usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11, 1
3, 16, 22, 25, 26, 27, 31, 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  (Usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something.)  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  (Usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something.) \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  \ldblquote maybe God knows but I don't know and no one else knows.\rdblquote  (Usually used to express the speaker's inability to understand or foresee something.) \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord knows where:}{\f0  an unspecified or unknown place. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord love us:}{\f0  an interjection of an invocation (the act of calling on God for help, blessing, etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Lord love us:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0 
 an interjection of an invocation (the act of calling on God for help, blessing, etc.). Used to express one's strong feeling about something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Lord Mayor:}{\f0  the chief magistrate of certain English, Welsh, Irish and Australian cities and boroughs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lord, my:}{\f0  an interjection expressing astonishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lord Nelson:}{\f0  Horatio Nelson (1758 - 1805), English admiral. Nelson was most famous for his naval victory over a combined French and Spanish fleet at Cape Trafalgar, off the southwest coast of Spain. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Lord's sakes, for:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation expressing impatience, annoyance or surprise, especially in questions or requests. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lore:}{\f0  knowledge or learning; specifically all the knowledge of a particular group or having to do with a particular subject. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lorentz:}{\f0  Hendrik Antoon Lorentz (1853 - 1928), Dutch physicist and co-developer, with George Francis FitzGerald, of the Lorentz-FitzGerald contraction. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul FitzGerald}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Lorentz-FitzGerald formulas}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lorentz-FitzGerald-Einstein equations:}{\f0 
 mathematical equations developed by Hendrik Lorentz and George Francis FitzGerald, closely related to the work of Albert Einstein. These equations, also known as the Lorentz-FitzGerald contraction, contain the hypothesis that a moving body exhibits a con
traction in the direction of motion when its velocity is close to the speed of light. ((ILLUSTRATION)) \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lorentz-FitzGerald equation:}{\f0 
 a mathematical equation developed by Hendrik Lorentz (1853 - 1928) and George Francis FitzGerald (1851 - 1901). It contains the hypothesis that a moving body exhibits a contraction in the direction of motion when its velocity is close to the speed of lig
ht. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lorentz-FitzGerald formulas:}{\f0  mathematical equations developed by Hendrik Lorentz and George Francis FitzGerald. These formulas, also 
known as the Lorentz-FitzGerald contraction, contain the hypothesis that a moving body exhibits a contraction in the direction of motion when its velocity is close to the speed of light. (INSERT ILLO - see printed defn in other glossaries with this illo) 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lorgnettes:}{\f0  eyeglasses attached to a handle. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lorry:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  a motor truck, especially a large one. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lorry:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (chiefly British)}{\f0  a motor truck, especially a large one. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lorry: }{\b\f0\ul (chiefly British)}{\f0  a motor truck, especially a large one. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Los Alamogordos:}{\f0  a humorously made-up name for a city, from }{\f0\ul Los Alamos,}{\f0  a town in central New Mexico that is the site of an atomic research center, and }{\f0\ul Alamogordo Air Base,}{\f0 
 an air force base in New Mexico that was the site of the first man-made atomic explosion on 16 July 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Los Alamogordos:}{\f0  a humorously made-up name for a city, from }{\f0\ul Los Alamos,}{\f0  a town in central New Mexico that is the site of an atomic research center, and }{\f0\ul Alamogordo Air Base,}{\f0 
 an air force base in New Mexico that was the site of the first man-made atomic explosion on 16 July 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Los Alamogordos:}{\f0  a humorously made-up name for a city, from }{\f0\ul Los Alamos,}{\f0  a town in central New Mexico where the first atomic bombs were produced, and }{\f0\ul Alamogordo Air Base,}{\f0 
 an air force base in New Mexico that was the site of the first man-made atomic explosion on 16 July 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Los Alamo Porkpie:}{\f0  a humorous reference to the atomic research center in Los Alamos, New Mexico. A }{\f0\ul porkpie}{\f0  is a man's soft hat with a round, flat crown. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Los Alamos:}{\f0  a town in central New Mexico. It is the site of an atomic research center. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles:}{\f0  a city and seaport on the southwest coast of California. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles:}{\f0  a city and seaport on the southwest coast of California in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles:}{\f0  a city and seaport on the southwest coast of California. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles:}{\f0  a city in southern California, sprawling over nearly 500 square miles. Los Angeles suffers from serious smog pollution created by industry and large numbers of automobiles. \~ \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles:}{\f0  city and seaport on the southwest coast of California. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles:}{\f0  the Scientology organization in the city and seaport of Los Angeles, California, USA. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles Foundation:}{\f0  Los Angeles Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation established in the 1950s with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles Foundation:}{\f0  Los Angeles Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation established in the 1950s with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles Foundation:}{\f0 *** Los Angeles Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation established in the 1950s with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Los Angeles Foundation:}{\f0  the Los Angeles Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation established in the 1950s with the purpose of forwarding Dianetics technology. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lose track of:}{\f0  to fail to stay informed about. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 losteder:}{\f0  more lost. Coined from }{\b\f0\ul lost, }{\f0 and the suffixes }{\f0\ul -ed,}{\f0  used to form words that limit, qualify or describe other words, and }{\f0\ul -er,}{\f0  added to words to show a higher degree of something. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lost, get:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  go away. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 lost, get:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  go away. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lostness:}{\f0  the state, quality or an instance of being lost.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul lot: }{\f0 a number of persons or things regarded as a group. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lot: }{\f0 a number of persons or things regarded as a group. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 lot:}{\f0  one's position in life; fortune.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 lot:}{\f0  position in life; fortune. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lot:}{\f0  the nephew of Abraham (first ancestor of the Hebrews and a founder of Israel) who, warned by two angels, fled from the doomed city of Sodom. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Sodom and Gomorrah}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lot:}{\f0  the nephew of Abraham (first ancestor of the Hebrews and a founder of Israel) who, warned by two angels, fled from the doomed city of Sodom. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Sodom and Gomorrah}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OT 6 - }{
\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 lots:}{\f0  great numbers or amounts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lots:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a great many or a great deal. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\t  x1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lot, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  the whole of a quantity or number. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Lotus Isles:}{\f0  also Lotus Lands. In the }{\f0\ul Odyssey}{\f0 
 by Homer, the hero, Ulysses, and his crew were driven to the land of the Lotus-Eaters. These were people who ate the fruit of a plant that caused a man to lose all memory of his homeland and family. Ulysses had to force his crew back to eir ship to be 
able to leave at all. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 lotus leaves:}{\f0  leaves of a legendary plant of Greek mythology whose fruit was supposed to make those who ate it dreamy and forgetful. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote loud\rdblquote : }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  too vivid; flashy. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 loud pedal:}{\f0  a pedal on a piano which, when depressed with the foot, raises the dampers (devices in stringed keyboard instruments that deaden the vibration of the strings) and permits the strings to vibrate and sustain the tone. Also called }
{\f0\ul damper pedal.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #9, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Louie the Pits:}{\f0  a made-up name for a criminal. }{\f0\ul The pits}{\f0  is a slang term meaning \ldblquote the worst imaginable.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Louis:}{\f0  Louis XVI (1754 - 1793), king of France (1774 - 1792), who was overthrown and guillotined. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0 French Revolution }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Louis:}{\f0  Louis XVI (1754 - 1793), king of France (1774 - 1792), who was overthrown and guillotined. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0 French Revolution }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Louisiana:}{\f0  a southern state of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Louis, Joe:}{\f0  (1914 - 1981), American boxer; world heavyweight champion (1937 - 1949). \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Louis, Joe:}{\f0  (1914 - 1981) black American boxer. He held the world championship in the heavyweight class from 1937 to 1949. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Louis Quatorze:}{\f0  Louis XIV (1638 - 1715), king of France (1643 - 1715) who was known as the \ldblquote Sun King\rdblquote  because of his power and the splendor of his court. }{\f0\ul Quatorze}{\f0  is French for \ldblquote fourteen.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Louis Quatorze:}{\f0  Louis XIV (1638 - 1715), king of France (1643 - 1715) who was known as the \ldblquote Sun King\rdblquote  because of his power and the splendor of his court. }{\f0\ul Quatorze}{\f0  is French for \ldblquote fourteen.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 louse:}{\f0  a person thought of as mean, disgusting, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 louse:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a person thought of as mean, disgusting, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 loused up:}{\f0  botched; spoiled; ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 loused-up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  botched; spoiled; ruined.}{\f0\ul  \emdash 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loused up:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  botched; spoiled; ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 loused up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  botched; spoiled; ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul loused up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  confused; messed up. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul loused up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  confused; messed up. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loused up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  confused; messed up. }{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 loused up: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 spoiled, confused or in a mess. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 louse it up:}{\f0  botch it up; spoil it or ruin it. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 louse (someone) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  botch, spoil, ruin (someone). \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 louse (someone) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  botch, spoil, ruin (someone). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 louse (someone) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  botch, spoil, ruin (someone). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul louse (someone) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  confuse or mess (someone) up. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 louse-up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a mistake or blunder. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 louse-up: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  error. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lousiest: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  most inferior or worthless. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lousiest:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  poorest; most inferior. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 lousiest:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the most dirty, disgusting or contemptible. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lousing (oneself) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  confusing, messing up (oneself). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lousy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 lousy:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 lousy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lousy: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lousy: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 lousy: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lousy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0  poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lousy:}{\b\f0\ul  (slang)}{\f0  poor; inferior.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lousy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0  poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lousy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  poor; inferior. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lousy: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 rotten; poor; bad. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 lousy: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 rotten; poor; bad. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 love nests: }{\f0 dwellings of lovers, especially places where illicit (not allowed by law, custom, rule, etc.) lovers live or meet. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote love thy neighbor\rdblquote :}{\f0  an excerpt from the Bible passage \ldblquote Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote love thy neighbor...\rdblquote :}{\f0  humorous reference to commandments in the Bible said to have been given by Jesus Christ in a sermon. These read, in part: \ldblquote 
Ye (you) have heard that it hath (has) been said, `Thou shalt love thy (your) neighbor and hate thine (your) enemy.' But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do go
od to them that hate you and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you...Ye have heard that it hath been said, `An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth'; but I say unto you, that ye resist not evil; but whatsoever shall smite thee 
(you) on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul shalt}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 thou}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 low condition:}{\f0  liability, doubt, enemy, treason and confusion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Lower Ambovia:}{\f0  a made-up name for a place. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lower Bugga-Wugga Booga-Woog:}{\f0  a made-up name for a place. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lower East Side:}{\f0  a section of New York City, located on the southeast side of Manhattan. It is known for its crowded apartment buildings and degraded conditions. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lower East Side:}{\f0  a section of New York City, located on the southeast side of Manhattan. It is known for its crowded apartment buildings and degraded conditions. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lower grades:}{\f0  the grades of ARC Straightwire through Grade IV, as given in the Classification, Gradation and Awareness Chart. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul grade }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lowestoft:}{\f0  a city in east England, on the North Sea, noted for shipbuilding and fisheries, and as a yachting center and seaside resort.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lowestoft:}{\f0  city in east England, on the North Sea, noted for shipbuilding and fisheries, and as a yachting center and seaside resort. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 low-scale:}{\f0  low on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 low scale:}{\f0  positioned low on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 low-tone:}{\f0  low on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 low-tone case:}{\f0  a preclear that has an E-Meter manifestation which is the same as that of a Clear, yet is actually in very poor case condition. A low-tone case has obvious areas of great irresponsibility; he cannot }{\f0\ul do}{\f0 
 things in life; he cannot answer questions about help or control intelligently. Such a case may not be able to influence his mind or body at all, and therefore the E-Meter reading is that of the body minus a bank. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul low-toned:}{\f0  low on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul high-toned }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul low-toned:}{\f0  low on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul low-toned:}{\f0  low on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 low-toned mockery:}{\f0 
 a little band down very close to death on the Tone Scale. Anything that is in that band is a mockery of anything higher. Some fellow dresses in a very good way and a comedian comes out on the stage, dressed overdone with the same characteristics. That wo
uld be a lower-scale mockery of a person dressing well.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Loyalist Brigades:}{\f0 
 the group of Spaniards loyal to the deposed Spanish government that fought against the fascists in the Spanish Civil War in the late 1930s. The Soviet Union sent aid to the Loyalists, some of whom were communists; the German and Italian fascist dictators
, Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini, supported Franco. The Spanish fascists won the war and set up Franco's long rule as dictator of Spain. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Franco, Mr., Hitler }{\f0 and }{\b\f0\ul Mussolini}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul  
\emdash SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Loyalist Brigades:}{\f0  the group that fought against the fascists in the Spanish Civil War in the late 1930s.   \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Loyola University:}{\f0  a university in Chicago, Illinois, founded in 1870. It is run by the Society of Jesus of the Roman Catholic Church and is a training school for Jesuits. }{\b\f0\ul See also Chicago}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lozenges:}{\f0  small, flavored tablets made from sugar or syrup, often medicated. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 LRH:}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 LRH:}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 LRH:}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0  L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Artist:}{\f0  a post in the Sea Organization, at the time of this lecture, whose purpose was: 1) to enhance the dissemination of LRH's wisdom and understanding through brilliantly designed and
 well-executed visual and graphic ideas of high quality and 2) to promote LRH and disseminate Dianetics and Scientology through brilliantly designed LRH publications of excellent LRH image. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Comm:}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul LRH Communicator:}{\f0 
 a position in Division 7, Department 21, of a Scientology organization, which has the purpose of ensuring that the policies and the technical materials of Scientology are adhered to exactly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Comm: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul LRH Communicator,}{\f0 
 a position in Division 7, Department 21, of a Scientology organization, which has the purpose of ensuring that the policies and the technical materials of Scientology are adhered to exactly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Comms:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul LRH Communicators:}{\f0 
 a position in Division 7, Department 21, of a Scientology organization, which has the purpose of ensuring that the policies and the technical materials of Scientology are adhered to exactly. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
 Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Communicator:}{\f0  a position in a Scientology organization which has the purpose of ensuring that the policies and the technical materials of Scientology are adhered to exactly.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Communicator:}{\f0  a position in a Scientology organization which has the purpose of ensuring that the policies and the technical materials of Scientology are adhered to exactly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Comm WW:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul LRH Comm}{\f0 unicator }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 orld}{\f0\ul w}{\f0 
ide; LRH Comm is a position in Division 7, Department 21, of a Scientology organization, which has the purpose of ensuring that the policies and the technical materials of Scientology are adhered to exactly. LRH Comm }{\f0\ul Worldwide }{\f0 
was, at the time of the lecture, the senior LRH Comm, in charge of LRH Comms in all orgs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #9, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 LRH ED:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul L. R}{\f0 on}{\f0\ul  H}{\f0 ubbard}{\f0\ul  E}{\f0 xecutive}{\f0\ul  D}{\f0 irective, an issue written by L. Ron Hubbard carrying current projects, programs, immediate orders and directions. \emdash OEC - }
{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 LRH ED: }{\b\f0\ul L. Ron Hubbard Executive Directive,}{\f0  an issue written by L. Ron Hubbard carrying current projects, programs, immediate orders and directions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90

\par }{\b\f0 LRH Executive Directives (LRH EDs):}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0  issues written by L. Ron Hubbard carrying current projects, programs, immediate orders and directions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Personal Comm:}{\f0  a post which coordinated communications from all sources to LRH. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 LRH Program No. 1 programs:}{\f0 
 top-priority programs issued by LRH in late 1969 and early 1970. These were LRH Comm Staff Program No. 1, Financial Planning Program No. 1, Ethics Program No. 1, Superior Service Image Program No. 1 and Organization Program No. 1. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 LRH Technical Research and Compilations (RTRC):}{\f0  that unit which has the responsibility of co
mpiling unpublished LRH material according to his exact instructions. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 LRH Technical Research and Compilations (RTRC):}{\b\f0\ul ***}{\f0 
 that unit which has the responsibility of compiling unpublished LRH material according to his exact instructions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 L-ring: }{\b\f0\ul (physics) }{\f0 the second shell of electrons surrounding the nucleus of an atom and containing, when filled, eight electrons. The inner four rings or shells of an electron are called the K-shell, L-shell, M-shell and N-shell. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 L-ring: }{\b\f0\ul (physics) }{\f0 the second shell of electrons surrounding the nucleus of an atom and containing, when filled, eight electrons. The inner four rings or shells of an electron are called the K-shell, L-shell, M-shell and N-shell. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 LSD 25:}{\f0  another name for }{\f0\ul LSD. See also}{\b\f0\ul  LSD}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 LSD-25:}{\f0  (now simply called }{\f0\ul LSD}{\f0 ) abbreviation for the chemical name }{\f0\ul l}{\f0 y}{\f0\ul s}{\f0 ergic acid }{\f0\ul d}{\f0 
iethylamide; a crystalline solid substance which is a powerful psychedelic drug. It produces hallucinations, delusions, etc., resembling those occurring in a psychotic state.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 LSD:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul l}{\f0 y}{\f0\ul s}{\f0 ergic acid }{\f0\ul d}{\f0 iethylamide, a crystalline solid substance which is a powerful psychedelic drug, producing temporary hallucinations and a schizophrenic psychotic state. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 LSD:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul l}{\f0 y}{\f0\ul s}{\f0 ergic acid }{\f0\ul d}{\f0 iethylamide, a crystalline solid substance which is a powerful psychedelic drug, producing temporary hallucinations and a schizophrenic psychotic state. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 LSD:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul l}{\f0 y}{\f0\ul s}{\f0 ergic acid }{\f0\ul d}{\f0 iethylamide, a powerful psychedelic drug which produces temporary hallucinations and a psychotic state. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 LSD:}{\f0  a crystalline solid substance which is a powerful psychedelic drug. It produces hallucinations, delusions, etc., resembling those occurring in a psychotic state. }{\f0\ul LSD}{\f0  is an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul l}{\f0 y}{\f0\ul s}{
\f0 ergic acid }{\f0\ul d}{\f0 iethylamide. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 LSD:}{\f0  a crystalline solid substance which is a powerful psychedelic drug, producing temporary hallucinations and a schizophrenic psychotic state. }{\f0\ul LSD}{\f0  is an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul l}{\f0 y}{\f0\ul s}{\f0 ergic acid }{\f0\ul d
}{\f0 iethylamide. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (l ten) L10:}{\f0  a Flag-only rundown which addresses the reasons one withholds oneself or restrains oneself from action. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 (L tens) L10s:}{\f0  Flag-only rundowns which address the reasons one withholds oneself or restrains oneself from action. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 (L three b) L3B:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul List 3B,}{\f0  the Dianetics repair list at the time of the lecture. It is now issued as HCOB 11 Apr. 71RE, L3RH\'d1 DIANETICS AND INT RD REPAIR LIST. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lubyanka Prison:}{\f0  a prison in Moscow, USSR. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lubyanka Prison:}{\f0  a prison in Moscow, USSR. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lucas:}{\f0 *** the name of a British company which produces automotive electrical equipment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Lucas:}{\f0  the name of a British company which produces automotive electrical equipment. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lucas:}{\f0  the name of a British company which produces automotive electrical equipment. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Luce:}{\f0  Henry Robinson Luce (1898 - 1967) co-founder of }{\f0\ul Time}{\f0  magazine. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Time magazine}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lucid: }{\f0 characterized by clear perception or understanding; rational or sane. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lucifer: }{\f0 the chief rebel angel who was cast out of heaven; Satan; the Devil. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Lucifer:}{\f0  the Devil; Satan: typically depicted as a man with horns, a tail and cloven feet. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Lucifer:}{\f0  the Devil; Satan: typically depicted as a man with horns, a tail and cloven feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lucite:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  an acrylic resin or plastic that is cast or molded into transparent or translucent sheets, rods, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 luck, down on his:}{\f0  suffering a period of misfortune, bad luck, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Luckies:}{\f0  popular name for }{\b\f0\ul Lucky Strike,}{\f0  a brand of an American cigarette. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 luck, push (one's):}{\f0  jeopardize (one's) success by taking further risks; go too far. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 luck, ride (one's):}{\f0  expect or count on an even better run of good fortune than (one) has had already. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lucky Strike: }{\f0 a brand of nonfiltered American cigarette. \emdash }{\f0\ul editor, Miracles Glossary (Final approval 10.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Lucretius:}{\f0  (98? - 55 b.c.) Roman poet who was the author of the unfinished }{\f0\ul On the Nature of Things,}{\f0 
 a didactic poem in six books, setting forth in outline a complete science of the universe. The purpose of the work was to prove, by investigating the nature of the world in which man lives, that all things\'d1including man\'d1
operate according to their own laws and are not in any way influenced by supernatural powers.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lucretius:}{\f0  (98? - 55 b.c.) Roman poet who was the author of the unfinished }{\f0\ul On the Nature of Things}{\f0 
, a didactic (instructional) poem in six books, setting forth in outline a complete science of the universe. The purpose of the work was to prove, by investigating the nature of the world in which man lives, that all things\'d1including man\'d1
operate according to their own laws and are not in any way influenced by supernatural powers.  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lucretius:}{\f0  (98? - 55 b.c.) Roman poet who was the author of the unfinished }{\f0\ul On the Nature of Things,}{\f0 
 a didactic (instructional) poem in six books, setting forth in outline a complete science of the universe. The purpose of the work was to prove, by investigating the nature of the world in which man lives, that all things\'d1including man\'d1
operate according to their own laws and are not in any way influenced by supernatural powers. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lucretius:}{\f0  (98? - 55 b.c.) Roman poet who was the author of the unfinished }{\f0\ul On the Nature of Things,}{\f0  a didactic poem in six books, se
tting forth in outline a complete science of the universe. The purpose of the work was to prove, by investigating the nature of the world in which man lives, that all things\'d1including man\'d1
operate according to their own laws and are not in any way influenced by supernatural powers. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lucretius:}{\f0  (98? - 55 b.c.) Roman poet who was the author of the unfinished }{\f0\ul On the Nature of Things,}{\f0  a didactic poem in six books, setting forth in outline a complete science of the universe. The pur
pose of the work was to prove, by investigating the nature of the world in which man lives, that all things\'d1including man\'d1operate according to their own laws and are not in any way influenced by supernatural powers. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lugubrious:}{\f0  very sad or mournful, especially in a way that seems exaggerated or ridiculous. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 lug wrench:}{\f0  a wrench for loosening or tightening lug nuts (heavy nuts used with a bolt to secure a wheel to an axle). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lulus:}{\f0  remarkable or wonderful persons or things. Used ironically in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbago:}{\f0  backache, especially in the lower back. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbago:}{\f0  backache, especially in the lower back. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbago:}{\f0  backache, especially in the lower back. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lumbago:}{\f0  backache, especially in the lower back. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lumbago:}{\f0  backache, especially in the lower back. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 lumbago:}{\f0  backache, especially in the lower back. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbago:}{\f0  backache, especially in the lower back. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lumbago Iron Works:}{\f0  a humorously made-up name for a company, coined from }{\f0\ul lumbago}{\f0  meaning backache, especially in the lower back. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbagosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for an illness.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lumbago, West Queensland:}{\f0  a made-up name for a place, coined from }{\f0\ul lumbago,}{\f0  backache, especially in the lower back, and }{\f0\ul Queensland,}{\f0  the northeastern state of Australia.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbering:}{\f0  moving heavily and clumsily. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbering:}{\f0  moving heavily, clumsily and often noisily. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbo: }{\f0 a made-up name for a body part.}{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2, 3, 5, 10, 11, 12, 13, 16, 17, 19, 20, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis}{\b\f0\ul :}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis}{\b\f0\ul :}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0 *** a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis}{\b\f0\ul :}{\f0 *** a made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease or body part, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lumbosis:}{\f0  made-up name for a disease, coined by LRH and used humorously in many of his lectures and writings. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lumectomy:}{\f0  a made-up name for an operation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lump sum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 a number of items or the whole of something at once. Literally, }{\f0\ul lump sum}{\f0 
 means an amount of money paid all at one time, especially when it represents the total cost of a purchase or service. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lump-sum: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 covering a number of items or the whole of something at once. Literally, }{\f0\ul lump sum}{\f0 
 means an amount of money paid all at one time, especially when it represents the total cost of a purchase or service. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lump-sum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 covering a number of items or the whole of something at once. Literally, }{\f0\ul lump sum}{\f0 
 means an amount of money paid all at one time, especially when it represents the total cost of a purchase or service. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 lunatic fringe: }{\f0 the minority considered foolishly extremist, fanatical, etc. in any political, social or other movement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 lunatic fringe:}{\f0  the minority considered foolishly fanatical in any political, social or other movement. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lunch boxes:}{\f0  small containers, usually of metal or plastic and with a handle, for carrying one's lunch from home to school or work. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lunch, lost his:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  vomited. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lunk: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a dull or stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lunkhead: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lunkhead:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lunks:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  dull or stupid persons. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lured:}{\f0  attracted; enticed; \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lured:}{\f0  attracted or led by something that seems pleasant; enticed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Lusitania:}{\f0 
 a large ocean liner which made regular runs between New York City and Liverpool, England, which was sunk by a German submarine off the coast of Ireland in 1915, during World War I. The number of passengers and crew lost was 1,198. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Editor, }{\f0 from}{\f0\ul  Oxford Companion to the Sea}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 lute: }{\f0 a guitarlike instrument with a pear-shaped body, popular in the 14th - 17th centuries. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lute:}{\f0 ***}{\b\f0  }{\f0 a guitarlike instrument with a pear-shaped body, popular in the 14th - 17th centuries. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM 9A Glossary}{\f0  (app. 25 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 Luther, Martin:}{\f0  (1483 - 1546) German religious leader who broke away from the Roman Catholic Church and founded Protestantism as a result of his disagreements with certain Catholic practices and beliefs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Luthers, Martin:}{\f0 
 those regarded as people who have broken away from the church like Martin Luther (1483 - 1546), German religious leader who broke away from the Roman Catholic church and fou
nded Protestantism as a result of his disagreements with certain Catholic practices and beliefs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Luthers, Martin:}{\f0 
 those regarded as people who have broken away from the church like Martin Luther (1483 - 1546), German religious leader who broke away from the Roman Catholic church and founded Protestantism as a result of his disagreements with certain Catholic practic
es and beliefs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lutnik:}{\f0  a made-up word rhyming with sputnik. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Luzon: }{\f0 main island of the Philippines. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 lycanthropy:}{\f0  a kind of insanity described by ancient writers, in which the patient imagined himself to be a wolf and had the instincts of a wolf. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)

\par }{\b\f0 Lycoming:}{\f0 *** an aircraft-engine manufacturer, now called Avco Lycoming. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Lycoming:}{\f0  an aircraft-engine manufacturer, now called Avco Lycoming. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lycurgus:}{\f0  a real or legendary Spartan lawgiver of about the 9th century b.c. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Sparta}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lycurgus:}{\f0 
 a Spartan lawgiver of about the 9th century b.c. Traditionally he was the author of the rigid social code by which the aristocracy of the ancient Greek city-state Sparta was kept apart from the other inhabitants, and of the system of military education b
y which from the ages of 6 to 20 the strictest obedience, self-discipline and rigorous training were imposed on all Spartan boys. }{\b\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 lye:}{\f0  any strong alkaline substance, used in cleaning and in making soap.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lymphatic tissue: }{\f0 tissue in the body which creates or conveys }{\f0\ul lymph,}{\f0  a clear, yellowish fluid containing white blood cells in a liquid resembling blood plasma. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 lymph gland: }{\f0 any of the glandlike masses of tissue in the body which create }{\f0\ul lymph,}{\f0  a clear, yellowish fluid containing white blood cells in a liquid resembling blood plasma. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 lynchings:}{\f0  instances of execution or violent punishment by a mob, without a lawful trial. \emdash }{\f0\ul Oxford American Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Lynn, Massachusetts:}{\f0  a city in the state of Massachusetts on the northeastern coast of the United States, at one time the leading shoe-manufacturing center of the US. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Lynn, Massachusetts: }{\f0 a city in the state of Massachusetts which is located on the northeastern coast of the United States. Known for its manufacture of boots and shoes, its most important and most distinctive industry, for many generations. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Lynn, Massachusetts: }{\f0 a city in the state of Massachusetts which is located on the northeastern coast of the United States. Known for its manufacture of boots and shoes, its m
ost important and most distinctive industry, for many generations.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Lysenko:}{\f0 
 Trofim Denisovich Lysenko (1898 - 1976), Russian biologist. He claimed that his experiments showed that acquired characteristics could be inherited. His ideas were accepted as Marxist orthodoxy until after the death of Soviet premier and dictator Joseph 
Stalin (1879 - 1953), when they were severely criticized. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Marx}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Lysenkos:}{\f0  people like Trofim Denisovich Lysenko (1898 - 1976), Russian biologist who stated that characteristics acquired through environmental changes can be transmitted by heredity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lysenko, Trofim Denisovich:}{\f0  (1898 - 1976) Soviet biologist and originator of the biological doctrine that maintains the possibility of inheriting environmentally acquired characteristics. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 
(app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Lysol: }{\b\f0\ul (Trademark)}{\f0  a brand of clear, brown, oily solution used as a disinfectant and antiseptic. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }}