{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Narrow;}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvantGarde;}{\f18\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ITC Bookman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Light;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Black;}{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f22\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino;}
{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfChancery;}{\f24\fdecor\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfDingbats;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Marlett;}
{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609040504020204}Lucida Console;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504020204}Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02050604050505020204}Bookman Old Style;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}MS Outlook;}{\f31\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040602050305030304}Book Antiqua;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}
{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0706040902060204}Haettenschweiler;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f37\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho;}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0306030101010103}Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040603050505030304}Calisto MT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0705020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0507020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020202020204}Century Gothic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0806030902050204}Impact;}
{\f44\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010101010101}Lucida Handwriting;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504090204}Lucida Sans;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0504020203020204}News Gothic MT;}
{\f47\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02010509020102010303}OCR A Extended;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f60\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f142\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f205\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f206\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}
{\f208\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f211\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode CE;}{\f212\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Cyr;}
{\f214\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Greek;}{\f215\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Tur;}{\f217\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}
{\f220\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}
{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f228\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f241\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}
{\f265\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f266\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f268\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f269\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f270\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}
{\f307\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f310\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f312\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title P - PEC}
{\author Nino Bilic}{\operator Ergon Copeland}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords99901}{\nofchars569440}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws699312}{\vern71}}\margl1080\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale45\viewzk1\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul P - PEC
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor, an auditor who has been trained and certified. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PA:}{\f0  public address system, a system of loudspeakers on which announcements can be heard throughout the ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 PAB: abbreviation for }{\b\f0\ul Professional Auditor's Bulletin:}{\f0 
 one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard between 10 May 1953 and 15 May 1959. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes and proc
essing available at the moment it became available. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 PAB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor's }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin: one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard between 10 May 1953 and 15 May 1959. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes 
and processing available at the moment it became available. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor, process}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 processing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary}{\f0  (app. Nov 1990)}{\f0\ul 
\par }{\b\f0\ul PAB: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor's }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 ulletin
: one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard in the 1950s. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes and processing available at th
e moment it became available. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PAB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 uditor's}{\f0\ul  B}{\f0 ulletin: one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard between 10 May 1953 and 15 May 1959. The content of these bulletins is technical and
 promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes and processing available at the moment it became available. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 PAB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor's }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin: one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard between 10 May 1953 and 15 May 1959. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible pro
cesses and processing available at the moment it became available. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PAB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor's }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin: one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard between 10 May 1953 and 15 May 1959. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes 
and processing available at the moment it became available. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 PAB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor's }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin: one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard between 10 May 1953 and 15 May 1959. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes 
and processing available at the moment it became available. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 processing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PAB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor's }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 
ulletin: one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard between 10 May 1953 and 15 May 1959. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes 
and processing available at the moment it became available. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 PAB:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rofessional }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 uditor's }{\f0\ul B}{\f0 ulletin: one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard between 10 May 1953 and 15 Ma
y 1959. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes and processing available at the moment it became available. \ldblquote 
A Critique of Psychoanalysis\rdblquote  was published in PABs 92 and 93 in July 1956. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PAB: }{\b\f0\ul Professional Auditor's Bulletin:}{\f0  one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard in the 1950s. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their 
intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes and processing available at the moment it became available.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 PAB: }{\b\f0\ul Professional Auditor's Bulletin:}{\f0 
 one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard in the 1950s. The content of these bulletins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes and processing available at the
 moment it became available. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PABA:}{\f0  an abbreviation for a vitamin called }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 ara-}{\f0\ul a}{\f0 mino-}{\f0\ul b}{\f0 enzoic }{\f0\ul a}{\f0 
cid; important in the metabolism of protein, blood cell formation, stimulation of intestinal bacteria to produce folic acid and utilization of pantothenic acid.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul folic acid }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 pantothenic acid }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PABs: }{\b\f0\ul Professional Auditor's Bulletins:}{\f0  a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard in the 1950s. The content of these bul
letins is technical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes and processing available at the moment it became available.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 
(app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pac:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pacific}{\f0 , a coined name for the geographical area in which a number of Sea Org service and management organizations are located, within the city of Los Angeles, California. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pac:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pacific,}{\f0  a coined name for the geographical area in which a number of Sea Org service and management organizations are located, within the city of Los Angeles, California, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pac:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pacific,}{\f0  a coined name for the geographical area in which a number of Sea Org service and management organizations are located within the city of Los Angeles, California, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pac:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pacific,}{\f0  a coined name for the geographical area in which a number of Sea Org service and management organizations are located, within the city of Los Angeles, California. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pac:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pacific,}{\f0  a coined name for the geographical area in which a number of Sea Org service and management organizations are located, within the city of Los Angeles, California. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pace:}{\f0  rate of movement; speed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 paces, put it through its:}{\f0  test its ability, skills, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paces, through (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 through a number of actions as tests of ability to reveal one's range and worth. From testing a horse in order to discover how well it has been trained. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pacific Coast:}{\f0  the land on the western side of the United States running along side the Pacific Ocean. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pacific Grove, California:}{\f0  residential and resort city along the Pacific coast in California, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pacific Groves: }{\f0 a residential and resort city along the Pacific coast in California, less than 10 miles from Carmel. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Carmel }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 package:}{\f0  any related group of objects that is viewed or organized as a unit. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 package:}{\f0  any related group of objects that is viewed or organized as a unit. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 packaged:}{\f0  of or having to do with a series of related parts grouped or combined into a single unit. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Packard:}{\f0  made by Packard Motor Car Company, a manufacturer of luxurious cars in the first half of the nineteenth century. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Packard car:}{\f0  a car built by the American automobile manufacturer, Packard Motor Car Company. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Packard cars:}{\f0  luxurious cars built by the American automobile manufacturer, Packard Motor Car Company. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 packed up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 ceased; gave up; retired. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 packing up:}{\f0  putting together closely or compactly; forming into a compact mass or body; crowding together. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pack (it) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 bring or come to an end or halt; finish; stop. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pack it up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stop; desist; give up what one is doing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pack rat:}{\f0  any of a group of large North American rats, with a hairy tail, that carries away and hides food, clothing, tools, etc., often leaving something else, as if in exchange. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pack rat:}{\f0  any of a group of large North American rats, with a hairy tail, that carries away and hides food, clothing, tools, etc., often leaving something else, as if in exchange. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pack rat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a person who collects, saves or hoards useless small items. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pack-rat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  like a person who collects, saves or hoards useless small items. A }{\f0\ul pack rat }{\f0 is any of various North American rodents that collect in their nests a great variety of small objects. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 packsack:}{\f0  a leather or canvas carrying bag, usually one that can be strapped over the shoulder and used to carry food and personal items when a person is traveling. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 packs up: }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 stops working; ceases operating; fails. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 pack up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 stop working; give up; surrender; die; cease to function; collapse. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pac Ops:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Pac}{\f0 ific }{\f0\ul Op}{\f0 eration}{\f0\ul s}{\f0 
, the continental management unit or body located in Los Angeles, California, which relayed Flag's orders, got them executed and reported those dones to Flag. It also acted independently to handle situations (in the US) having to do with US Sea Org and Sc
ientology orgs and Sea Org vessels and reported its own handlings to Flag. Further, it ran for Flag any missions Flag sent to US Sea Org or Scientology orgs. It was located on land and in 1970 moved to the Sea Org ship }{\f0\ul Bolivar.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul 
Pac Ops}{\f0  was replaced by USLO (United States Liaison Office) in 1970 which was replaced by FOLO West US in 1972. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pact:}{\f0  an agreement. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 padded cell:}{\f0  a room, as in a mental hospital, with heavily padded walls for the confinement of violent inmates. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 padded cell:}{\f0  a room, as in a mental hospital, with heavily padded walls for the confinement of violent inmates. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 padded cell:}{\f0  a room, as in a mental hospital, with heavily padded walls for the confinement of violent inmates. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 padded cell:}{\f0  a room, as in a mental hospital, with heavily padded walls for the confinement of violent inmates. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 padded cell:}{\f0  a room, as in a mental hospital, with heavily padded walls for the confinement of violent inmates. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 padded cell:}{\f0  a room, as in a mental hospital, with heavily padded walls for the confinement of violent inmates. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 padded cell:}{\f0  a room, as in a mental hospital, with heavily padded walls for the confinement of violent inmates. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 padded cells: }{\f0 rooms, as in a mental hospital, with heavily padded walls for the confinement of violent inmates.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Paderewski:}{\f0  Ignace Paderewski (1860 - 1941) polish pianist, composer, patriot and statesman. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Paderewski:}{\f0 
 Ignace Paderewski (1860 - 1941) Polish pianist, composer, patriot and statesman. He was one of the greatest pianists of all time. During World War I, he abandoned his career as a musician to devote his energies to the cause of Polish freedom. At the clos
e of the war Poland again became an independent nation, largely because of his efforts. He resumed his musical career after the war, making a very successful American tour in 1939. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Padgett:}{\f0  Lewis Padgett, one of the pen names of Henry Kuttner (1915 - 1958), American science-fiction writer. Kuttner wrote under twenty different pseudonyms. As Lewis Padgett, he authored }{\f0\ul Robots Have No Tails}{\f0 . \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pads out:}{\f0  fills out. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pagan:}{\f0  non-Christian; refers to those peoples who worshipped many gods, such as the Greeks and the Romans. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pagan:}{\f0  one of a people or community observing a polytheistic (belief in or worship of many gods or more than one god) religion as the ancient Romans and Greeks. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paganism:}{\f0  the worship of many gods. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 page: }{\f0 an attendant or employee, usually in uniform, who carries messages, routes people, runs errands, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 page:}{\f0  an attendant or employee, usually in uniform, who carries messages, routes people, runs errands, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Pagliacci:}{\f0  reference to a main character in \ldblquote I Pagliacci\rdblquote  (The Clowns), an Italian opera by Ruggerio Leoncavallo (1858 - 1919) first produced in Milan in 1892. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pagodas:}{\f0  temples, in India and the Far East, in the form of a pyramidal tower of several stories commonly built over a sacred relic or as a work of devotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pago Pago:}{\f0  a village on Tutuila Island, American Samoa, in the southwest Pacific Ocean. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pago Pago tree:}{\f0  a tree of }{\f0\ul Pago Pago: }{\f0 
the capital of American Samoa, islands of the Samoan group lying in the South Pacific Ocean. The Samoan forests have a remarkable size and variety of trees, including tree-ferns, coconut palms, banana and hardwood trees. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paid completions: statistic based on the completion of a fully paid-for service accompanied by an acceptable success story. \emdash }{\b\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 paid up:}{\f0  paid in full or on time. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pain:}{\f0  the alarm reaction to theta which has been crushed too severely into mest. The penalty of nonsurvival activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pain-drive theory: }{\f0 the theory that pain, deprivation or other unpleasant consequence imposed on or experienced by an organism responding incorrectly under specific conditions establishes, through avoidance, the desired learning or behavior. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pain-drug-hypnosis:}{\f0  administered pain, drugs and hypnotism to cause a victim to become a robot and commit crimes or act in an irrational way. It is not very effective but it is very damaging to the person. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pain-drug-hypnosis:}{\f0  the practice of administering pain, drugs and hypnotism to cause a victim to become a robot and commit crimes or act in an irrational way. It is not very effective but it is very damaging to the person. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Paine, Thomas:}{\f0  (1737 - 1809) political philosopher and author. Paine emigrated to America from England in 1774. In 1776 he published a pamphlet }{\f0\ul 
(Common Sense) urging immediate declaration of independence, which had wide circulation and great influence in concentrating sentiment in favor of immediate independence. \'d1How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 Paint: }{\f0 a made-up name for a horse. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 painted:}{\f0  pictured vividly in words. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pal: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an intimate friend; comrade; chum. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pal:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a friend. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 palatable:}{\f0  acceptable or agreeable to the mind or feelings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 palatable:}{\f0  pleasing or acceptable to the mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Palatine Hill:}{\f0  one of the famous seven hills of Rome, and, according to tradition, the site of the earliest Roman settlement. On its northwest sl
ope was the Lupercal, the cave where Romulus (legendary founder of Rome) and his twin brother Remus were said to have been suckled by a she-wolf. Several temples and some of the finest private homes in Rome stood upon the summit of the Palatine or on its 
slopes. Under the Roman Empire, the hill became the site of imperial residences and the emperor Nero included the entire hill within the precincts of his }{\f0\ul aurea domus }{\f0 (\ldblquote Golden House\rdblquote 
), erected after the disastrous fire of a.d. 64. From a.d. 222, the Palatine Hill ceased to be the official place of residence of the emperors. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Palduvia:}{\f0  a made-up name for an island. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 pale:}{\f0  faint or feeble; lacking vigor.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 Pali: }{\f0 dialect of the southern Buddhist scriptures which has become the religious language of Buddhism. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pali canons:}{\f0  the sacred literature of Buddhism. Pali, a Sanskrit dialect, is th
e language in which the scriptures are written. The Buddhistic literature, originally oral, began to be put into written form in 483 b.c. just after the death of Buddha, and was completed in 250 b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pall: }{\f0 to become distasteful or very tiresome because there has been too much of it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 pallid:}{\f0  lacking in spirit or vitality; dull. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pallor: }{\f0 unusual or extreme paleness, as from fear, ill health or death. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 palm off: }{\f0 pass off or get accepted by tricks, fraud or false representation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 palpable:}{\f0  clear to the mind; obvious; evident; plain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 pals:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 intimate friends; comrades; chums.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 palsy:}{\f0  paralysis, especially with involuntary tremors. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pamphleteered:}{\f0  wrote and issued pamphlets, especially on controversial issues. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pan:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  the brainpan, the part of the skull which contains the brain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panacea:}{\f0  a remedy for all kinds of diseases or troubles. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panacea:}{\f0  a remedy for all kinds of diseases or troubles. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\up6 panacea:}{\f0  a supposed remedy, cure or medicine for all diseases or ills; cure-all. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pan Am:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pan American,}{\f0  the name of a large international airline. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pan Am:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pan American,}{\f0  the name of a large international airline. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Panama: }{\f0 country in Central America; the only shipping canal from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean passes through Panama. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Panamanian flag:}{\f0  a flag of convenience: a term applied to ships registered in certai
n small countries, notably Liberia and Panama, by owners who are not nationals of the countries, thus flying flags which do not represent their true origin. Originally the practice started in order to evade inspections and regulations but later came into 
use by the US particularly out of necessity to increase commerce and naval power without the high wages and conditions of US sailors (which cost five times as much as crews from other countries). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Pan American:}{\f0  a large international airline. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pan American:}{\f0  the name of a large international airline. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pancreas:}{\f0 
 a large, elongated gland situated behind the stomach and secreting a digestive juice into the small intestine: groups of cells in the pancreas produce the hormone insulin (a protein hormone which helps the body use sugar and other carbohydrates). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 pancreas:}{\f0  a large, elongated gland situated behind the stomach a
nd secreting a digestive juice into the small intestine: groups of cells in the pancreas produce the hormone insulin (a protein hormone which helps the body use sugar and other carbohydrates). \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)

\par }{\b\f0 pancreas:}{\f0 
 a large, elongated gland situated behind the stomach and secreting a digestive juice into the small intestine: groups of cells in the pancreas produce the hormone insulin (a protein hormone which helps the body use sugar and other carbohydrates). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pandering:}{\f0  ministering to others' passions or prejudices for selfish ends. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pandering:}{\f0  ministering to others' passions or prejudices for selfish ends. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pandering:}{\f0  ministering to others' passions or prejudices for selfish ends. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determined:}{\f0  capable of regulating the considerations of two or more identities, whether or not they are opposed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determined: }{\f0 of or 
concerning pan-determinism, a willingness to start, change and stop on any and all dynamics; the willingness to start, change and stop two or more forces, whether or not opposed. (This could be interpreted as two or more individuals, two or more groups, t
wo or more planets, two or more life-species, two or more universes, two or more spirits, whether or not opposed.) Would not necessarily fight, would not necessarily choose sides. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determined:}{\f0  of or concerning pan-
determinism, a willingness to start, change and stop on any and all dynamics; the willingness to start, change and stop two or more forces, whether or not opposed. (This could be interpreted as two or more individuals, two or more groups, two or more plan
ets, two or more life-species, two or more universes, two or more spirits, whether or not opposed.) \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determinism:}{\f0  a willingness to start, change and stop on any and all dynamics; the willingness to start
, change and stop two or more forces, whether or not opposed. (This could be interpreted as two or more individuals, two or more groups, two or more planets, two or more life species, two or more universes, two or more spirits, whether or not opposed.) 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determinism:}{\f0  a willingness to start, change and stop on any and all dynamics; the willingness to start, change and stop two or more forces, whether or not opposed. (This could be interpreted as two or more indivi
duals, two or more groups, two or more planets, two or more life species, two or more universes, two or more spirits, whether or not opposed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determinism:}{\f0 
 a willingness to start, change and stop on any and all dynamics; the willingness to start, change and stop two or more forces, whether or not opposed. (This could be interpreted as two or more individuals, two or more groups, two or more planets, two or 
more life species, two or more universes, two or more spirits, whether or not opposed.) \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determinism:}{\f0  the ability to regulate the considerations of two or more identities, whether or not they are opposed. A much broader concept than self-determinism, since the latter makes a randomity of anything not considered \ldblquote 
self.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determinism:}{\f0  the ability to regulate the considerations of two or more identities, whether or not they are opposed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pan-determinism:}{\f0  the ability to regulate the considerations of two or more identities, whether or not they are opposed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pan-determinism:}{\f0 
 the ability to regulate the considerations of two or more identities, whether or not they are opposed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pan-determinism: }{\f0 
willingness to start, change and stop on any and all dynamics; the willingness to start, change and stop two or more forces, whether or not opposed. (This could be interpreted as two or more
 individuals, two or more groups, two or more planets, two or more life-species, two or more universes, two or more spirits, whether or not opposed.) \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pandit:}{\f0  (in India) a man highly esteemed for his wisdom and learning; often used as a title of respect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pandora's Box:}{\f0  a source of extensive but unforeseen troubles or problems. In Greek mythology, Pandora was the first mortal woman. The gods presented her with a box into whi
ch each had put something harmful and forbade her ever to open it. Pandora gave in to her curiosity and opened the box, allowing the evils of the world to escape. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pandora's box:}{\f0 
 a source of extensive but unforeseen troubles or problems. In Greek mythology, Pandora was the first mortal woman. She had access to a box in which all the evils which could trouble humanity had been confined. Pandora gave in to her curiosity and opened 
the box, allowing the evils to escape (or, in a later version, letting all human blessings escape and be lost, leaving only hope). \'d1}{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pandora's box:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (classical mythology)}{\f0 
 a box that Zeus gave to Pandora, the first woman, with strict instructions that she not open it. Pandora's curiosity soon got the better of her and she opened the box. All the evils and miseries of the world flew out to afflict mankind. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panel: }{\f0\ul (especially British) }{\f0 a strip or surface that is different in some way from what is around it. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pan, flash in the:}{\f0 
 a brief, intense effort that produces negligible results. This term comes from the seventeenth century, when the pan of a musket was where one put the powder that was ignited by the sparks from the flint. If it ignited properly, the sparks would set off 
the charge in the gun, and this charge would propel the ball (and later, the bullet) out of the barrel. Occasionally, the priming p
owder in the pan would burn without igniting the main charge, and the gun would misfire. The burn was visible but to no effect, just as a flash in the pan is successful but shines only for a brief time. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pan, flash in the:}{\f0 
 a brief, intense effort that produces negligible results. This term comes from the seventeenth century, when the pan of a musket was where one put the powder that was ignited by the sparks from the flint. If it ignited properly, the sparks 
would set off the charge in the gun, and this charge would propel the ball (and later, the bullet) out of the barrel. Occasionally, the priming powder in the pan would burn without igniting the main charge, and the gun would misfire. The burn was visible 
but to no effect, just as a flash in the pan is successful but shines only for a brief time. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pangloss:}{\f0  Dr. Pangloss, the old tutor to the hero in the satire }{\f0\ul Candide,}{\f0  (subtitled \ldblquote Optimism\rdblquote ) by Voltaire (French 
philosopher, poet, dramatist and author, 1694 - 1778). Dr. Pangloss' great point was his incurable and misleading optimism which did him no good and brought him all sorts of misfortune, but to the end he reiterated \ldblquote 
all is for the best in this best of all possible worlds.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panglossism:}{\f0  extreme optimism, especially in the face of unrelieved hardship or adversity. It was characteristic of Dr. Pangloss, the old tutor to the hero in the satire }{\f0\ul Candide,}{\f0  (subtitled \ldblquote Optimism\rdblquote ) by
 Voltaire (French philosopher, poet, dramatist and author, 1694 - 1778). Dr. Pangloss' great point was his incurable and misleading optimism which did him no good and brought him all sorts of misfortune, but to the end he reiterated \ldblquote 
all is for the best in this best of all possible worlds.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pangopango:}{\f0  former name of }{\f0\ul Pago Pago: }{\f0 the capital of American Samoa, islands of the Samoan group lying in the South Pacific Ocean. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panhandler:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a beggar, especially one who begs on the streets. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panhandler:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a beggar, especially one who begs on the streets. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panic of 1929, the:}{\f0 
 a widespread fear of financial collapse which occurred in 1929, resulting in a sharp drop in the stock market, withdrawals of bank deposits, etc. The panic of 1929 was caused by a financial push that concentrated only on stocks, money and overextending c
redit not backed by delivery and production. It preceded a great slowdown in the American economy, the worst in the country's history, known as the Great Depression. Many banks and businesses failed and millions of people lost their jobs. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panned out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 turned out; worked out. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panorama:}{\f0  a continuously passing or changing scene or an unfolding of events. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 panorama: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative) a continuously passing or changing scene. }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 panorama:}{\f0  range; amount or extent of variation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 panorama: range; amount or extent of variation. \emdash }{\b\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Panoramic:}{\f0  a made-up name for something like a }{\f0\ul panorama: }{\f0 an unobstructed and wide view of an extensive area. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pan out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 turn out; especially turn out well. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panpipe:}{\f0  a primitive musical instrument made of a row of tubes of different lengths, played by blowing across the open ends. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM 9A Glossary}{\f0  (app. 25 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 panpipe:}{\f0  a primitive musical instrument made of a row of tubes of different lengths, played by blowing across the open ends. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pan, put (one) on the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 criticize (one) severely. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pan (something) out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 bring (something) forth, yield (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pan, straight off the:}{\f0  unmodified; unaltered. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pantheon:}{\f0  all the gods of a people. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pantothenic acid:}{\f0  an acid found in plant and animal tissues, rice, bran, etc., that is part of the B complex of vitamins and is essential for cell growth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 pants, a shot in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a strong stimulus or impetus; something that stimulates and enlivens; an invigorating influence or event. A variation of }{\f0\ul a shot in the arm.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pants, boot in the:}{\f0  a strong stimulus or impetus. A variation of }{\f0\ul a kick in the ass. \emdash 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pants, shot in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  given a strong stimulus or impetus; given something that stimulates and enlivens; given an invigorating influence. A variation of }{\f0\ul shot in the arm.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panty-waist:}{\f0  weak; cowardly; timid. The term derives from a former child's undergarment called a panty-waist, consisting of short pants and a shirt that buttoned together at the waist. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 panty-waist: weak; cowardly; timid. The term derives from a former child's undergarment called a panty-waist, consisting of short pants and a shirt that buttoned together at the waist. \emdash }{\b\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 panty-waist:}{\f0  weak; cowardly; timid. The term derives from a former child's undergarment called a panty-waist, consisting of short pants and a shirt that buttoned together at the waist. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary
}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 pantywaist:}{\f0  weak; cowardly; timid. The term derives from a former child's undergarment called a pantywaist, consisting of short pants and a shirt that buttoned together at the waist. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Pan-wan:}{\f0  a made-up name for a planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pan-wan:}{\f0  a made-up name for a planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Panzer Division, 18th:}{\f0  a made-up name for an armored division of a military force. Taken from 
the armored divisions of the German army, especially in World War II, consisting chiefly of tanks and organized for making rapid attacks. The German word }{\f0\ul panzer}{\f0  means \ldblquote armor.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 panzer division:}{\f0  an armored division of the German army, especially in World War II, consisting chiefly of tanks and organized for making rapid attacks. From the German word }{\f0\ul panzer}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote armor.\rdblquote  \emdash 
}{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 panzer division:}{\f0  an armored division of the German army, especially in World War II, consisting chiefly of tanks and organized for making rapid attacks. From the German word }{\f0\ul panzer}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote armor.\rdblquote 
 Armored vehicles played a vital role in early German success and later the victory of the Allies in World War II. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul World War II}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Allies}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 paper chains: }{\f0 continued handling of paper, over and over again. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 paper doll:}{\f0  the figure of a person cut out of a sheet of paper or cardboard for use as a child's doll. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 paper-dolly:}{\f0 
 a figure of a person cut out of a sheet of paper or cardboard for use as a child's doll. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 papier-m\'e2ch\'e9:}{\f0  a material made of paper pulp mixed with size (any thin, pasty or gluey substance used to glaze or stiffen paper, cloth, etc.), glue, etc., that is easily molded when moist and dries strong and hard. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Papuans:}{\f0  members of any of the native peoples of New Guinea and nearby islands. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 par:}{\f0  average or normal state, condition, degree, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 parable:}{\f0  a brief story used to teach some moral lesson or truth. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 paraclosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parade:}{\f0  a continual passing by as of people, objects or events.\'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 parade:}{\f0  a great show or display. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 parade:}{\f0  a succession of people or things. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parade ground:}{\f0  an extent of open, level ground, usually within or adjacent to a fort, where soldiers are accustomed to parade. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parade ground:}{\f0  an extent of open, level ground, usually within or adjacent to a fort, where soldiers are accustomed to parade. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parade-ground:}{\f0  of or having to do with an extent of open, level ground, usually within or adjacent to a fort, where soldiers are accustomed to parade. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 parade-ground:}{\f0  of or having to do with an extent of open, level ground, usually within or adjacent to a fort, where soldiers are accustomed to parade. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paradox:}{\f0  a self-contradictory and false proposition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 paradox:}{\f0  a self-contradictory and false proposition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 paradox:}{\f0  a self-contradictory and false proposition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 paradox:}{\f0  a statement, etc., that seems to contradict itself or conflict with common sense, but which contains a truth. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paradoxical:}{\f0  having the nature of a statement, etc., that seems to contradict itself or conflict with common sense, but which contains a truth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 paradoxically:}{\f0  in the manner of a statement, etc., that seems to contradict itself or conflict with common sense, but which contains a truth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 paraglutenous magnoid:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paragon:}{\f0  a model or pattern of excellence or of a particular excellence. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paragon:}{\f0  a model or pattern of excellence or of a particular excellence. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 parallax:}{\b\f0\ul  (astronomy)}{\f0 
 the amount of angular degree of the apparent change in the position of an object resulting from the change in the direction or position from which it is viewed. The parallax of an object may be used in determining its distance from the observer because s
maller angles indicate greater distance. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parallax:}{\b\f0\ul  (photography)}{\f0  the apparent displacement of
 an object that results from the change of perspective with which it is viewed. In photography, the term directly applies to the different perspectives of an object through the viewfinder and camera lens because of their slight distance apart. Such a para
llax error can result in a poorly composed image or in part of the desired field of vision being omitted from the frame. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parallel:}{\f0  have the same direction, course, nature or tendency.  \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 parallelisms:}{\f0  states or positions of being parallel (lying or extending alongside of one another and always at the same distance apart). \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 paralysis:}{\f0  a loss or impairment of voluntary movement in a body part, caused by injury or disease of the nerves, brain or spinal cord. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paralytic:}{\f0  a person afflicted with paralysis, a loss or impairment of sensation or especially of muscle function, caused by injury or disease of the nerves, brain or spinal cord. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 paralytic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to paralysis, a loss or impairment of sensation or especially of muscle function, caused by injury or disease of the nerves, brain or spinal cord. --}{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0 
 (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 paralytic stroke:}{\f0  a stroke which results in paralysis, a loss or impairment of sensation or especially of muscle function. A }{\f0\ul stroke}{\f0  is a blockage or hemorrhage of a blood vessel leading to the br
ain, causing inadequate oxygen supply and, depending on the extent and location of the abnormality, such symptoms as weakness, paralysis of parts of the body, speech difficulties, and if severe, loss of consciousness or death. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paramount:}{\f0  chief in importance; above others. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 paramount:}{\f0  ranking higher than any other, as in power or importance; chief; supreme. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Paramount:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Paramount Pictures Corporation, }{\f0 
a motion picture distributor and studio created by Adolph Zukor (1873 - 1976, Hungarian-born film pioneer who emigrated to the US) and other film pioneers of the early 1900s. It is one of the top motion picture companies in the US. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Paramount:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Paramount Pictures Corporation, }{\f0 a motion-picture distributor and studio created by Adolph Zukor (1873 - 1976, Hungarian-born film pioneer who emigrated to the US) and other film pi
oneers of the early 1900s. It is one of the top motion-picture companies in the US. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoia:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry) }{\f0 a form of psychosis in which a person imagines that he is being persecuted or that he is very great or important. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoia:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry) }{\f0 form of psychosis in which a person imagines that he is being persecuted or that he is very great or important. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoia:}{\f0  the irrational belief that everyone is out to get one. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoiac:}{\f0  a psychotic who is more or less intelligent and who has a specific target, such as his family, whom he considers to be \ldblquote after him.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 paranoiacally:}{\f0  as if afflicted with }{\f0\ul paranoia:}{\f0  the irrational belief that everyone is out to get one. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  a person having the irrational belief that everyone is out to get him.   \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  a person suffering from paranoia. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul paranoia}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  a person with the irrational belief that everyone is out to get him  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  a person with the irrational belief that everyone is out to get him. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\ul paranoid:}{\f0  having the irrational belief that everyone is against one. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  having the irrational belief that everyone is out to get one.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  having the irrational belief that everyone is out to get one. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0  a person suffering from }{\f0\ul paranoia, }{\f0 a form of psychosis in which a person imagines that he is being persecuted or that he is very great or important. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0  a person suffering from }{\f0\ul paranoia, }{\f0 a form of psychosis marked by delusions of persecution and of grandeur. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid:}{\f0  the state or condition of having the irrational belief that everyone is out to get one. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid dipso dementia praecoxo:}{\f0  a made-up term for a mental disorder, taken from the following: }{\f0\ul paranoid}{\f0 \'d1having the irrational belief that everyone is out to get one; }{\f0\ul dipso,}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul dipsomania}{
\f0 \'d1an abnormal craving for alcoholic drink;}{\f0\ul  dementia praecox}{\f0 \'d1a psychiatric term meaning }{\f0\ul schizophrenia }{\f0 (also a psychiatric term) which is a major mental disorde
r typically characterized by a separation of the thought processes and the emotions, a distortion of reality accompanied by delusions and hallucinations, a fragmentation of the personality, motor (involving muscular movement) disturbances, bizarre behavio
r, etc. The word }{\f0\ul schizophrenia}{\f0  comes from Greek, meaning }{\f0\ul split mind.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid dipso dementia praecoxo:}{\f0  a made-up term for a mental disorder, taken from the following: }{\f0\ul paranoid}{\f0 \'d1having the irrational belief that everyone is out to get one. }{\f0\ul dipso}{\f0 , short for }{\f0\ul dipsomania}{
\f0 \'d1an abnormal craving for alcoholic drink.}{\f0\ul  dementia praecox}{\f0 \'d1a psychiatric term meaning }{\f0\ul schizophrenia }{\f0 
(also a psychiatric term) which is a major mental disorder typically characterized by a separation of the thought processes and the emotions, a distortion of reality accompanied by delusions and hallucinations, a fragmentation of the personality, motor (i
nvolving muscular movement) disturbances, bizarre behavior, etc. The word }{\f0\ul schizophrenia}{\f0  comes from Greek, meaning }{\f0\ul split mind.}{\f0  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul paranoid schiz:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul paranoid schizophrenic,}{\f0 
 a person who exhibits a mental condition resembling paranoia but also characterized by autistic behavior and gradual deterioration of the personality. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul paranoid}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 schizophrenia}{\b\f0\ul  in this glossary.}{
\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid schiz:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul paranoid schizophrenic, }{\f0 a person with a mental condition of paranoid schizophrenia. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul paranoid schizophrenia }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid schizophrenia:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0 
 a mental condition resembling paranoia but also characterized by autistic (concerning a state of mind characterized by daydreaming, hallucinations and disregard of external reality) behavior and gradual deterioration of the personality. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul paranoia }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid schizophrenic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0  a person who exhibits a mental condition resembling paranoia but also characterized by autistic behavior and gradual deterioration of the personality. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid-schizophrenic: }{\b\f0\ul 
(psychiatry) of or concerning a mental condition resembling paranoia (form of psychosis in which a person imagines that he is being persecuted or that he is very great or important) but also characterized by autistic (concerning a state of mind characteri
zed by daydreaming, hallucinations and disregard of external reality) behavior and gradual deterioration of the personality. \emdash DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 paranoid schizophrenics:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry)}{\f0 
 a mental condition resembling paranoia (form of psychosis in which a person imagines that he is being persecuted or that he is very great or important) but also characterized by autistic (concerning a state of mind characterized by daydreaming, hallucina
tions and disregard of external reality) behavior and gradual deterioration of the personality. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parapet:}{\f0  a defensive wall or elevation, as of earth or stone, in a fortification. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 paraphernalia:}{\f0  all the things used in some activity; equipment; gear. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paraphernalia: }{\f0 equipment, apparatus. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 paraphrased: expressed (something spoken or written) by putting it into different words having the same meaning.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 parapsychology:}{\f0  the study of mental perceptions (as those occurring in clairvoyance and telepathy) that seem to be outside normal mental abilities. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 para-Scientology:}{\f0  a category of data in Scientology which includes all greater or lesser uncertainties and questionable things; things in Scientology of which the common, normal observer cannot be sure with a little study. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 para-Scientology:}{\f0  a category of data in Scientology which includes all greater or lesser uncertainties and questionable things; things in Scientology of which the common, normal observer cannot be sure with a little study. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 para-Scientology:}{\f0  a category of data in Scientology which includes all greater or lesser uncertainties and questionable things; things in Scientology of which the common, normal observer cannot be sure with a 
little study. Para-Scientology would include incidents on the whole track, the immortality of man, the existence of God, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 para-Scientology: }{\f0 that part of Scientology which includes all of the uncertainties and unknown territories of life which have not been completely explored and explained. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 parathyroid:}{\f0  a hormone important in controlling of the calcium-phosphate balance of the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Parcheesi:}{\f0  a trademark for a board game in which the moves of pieces on a board are determined by the throwing of dice. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Parcheesi:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0 
 a game for four or less players on a board with a cross-shaped pattern. Counters are moved by casting dice. The winner is the one whose counters are the first to traverse a track of fixed length on the board. The game was first played in India (before th
e first century a.d.) using six shells as dice. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pard: }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  partner; friend; companion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pard: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  partner; friend; companion. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pardon my French:}{\f0  an exclamation of apology for the use of profane or taboo language. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pardon my French:}{\f0  an exclamation of apology for the use of profane or taboo language. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pardon my French:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of apology for the use of profane or taboo language. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pardon my French:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of apology for the use of profane or taboo language. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pardon (someone's) French:}{\f0  forgive (someone) for using offensive language. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pardon the French:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an exclamation of apology for the use of profane or taboo language. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parentheses: marks [()}{\f0 ] used to put additional information into a statement, a question or a definition. Example: She has the flowers }{\b\f0 (}{\f0 roses}{\b\f0 )}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0 
 Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 paresis:}{\f0  a brain disease of syphilitic origin, characterized by mental deterioration, speech disturbances and progressive muscular weakness. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul syphilis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 paresis:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a brain disease of syphilitic origin, characterized by mental deterioration, speech disturbances and progressive muscular weakness. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul syphilis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul par excellence: (French) }{\f0 in the greatest degree of excellence; beyond comparison. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 par excellence: }{\b\f0\ul (French) }{\f0 in the greatest degree of excellence; beyond comparison. Literally }{\f0\ul by the way of excellence.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pariah: }{\f0 an outcast; someone rejected by others. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Paris:}{\f0  a city in and capital city of France. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Paris:}{\f0  the capital city of France. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Parisian:}{\f0  characteristic of Paris, France. Used in the lecture to mean the way French is spoken in Paris. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul parity:}{\f0  equality, as in amount, status, character. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parity:}{\f0  equality, as in amount, status, character. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul parity:}{\f0  equality, as in amount, status, character. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 parity:}{\f0  equality, as in amount, status, character. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 parity: }{\f0 similarity or close correspondence with regard to state, position, condition, value, quality, degree, etc.; equality. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Park Avenue:}{\f0  a thoroughfare in New York City along part of which there are very fine, large, expensive office and residential buildings. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Park Avenue:}{\f0  a thoroughfare in New York City along part of which there are very fine, large, expensive office and residential buildings, including high quality portrait studios. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Park Avenue:}{\f0  a thoroughfare in New York City along part of which there are very fine, large, expensive office and residential buildings. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Park Avenue:}{\f0  a thoroughfare in New York City along part of which there are very fine, large, expensive office and residential buildings. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Park Avenue:}{\f0  a thoroughfare in New York City along part of which there are very fine, large, expensive office and residential buildings. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Park Avenue:}{\f0  a thoroughfare in New York City along part of which there are very fine, large, expensive office and residential buildings. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 park, a walk in the:}{\f0  simple; easy, as though one were taking a walk through a park. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 park, a walk in the:}{\f0  simple; easy, as though one were taking a walk through a park. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Park City:}{\f0  a city in southcentral Montana, a northwestern state in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Park City:}{\f0  a town in south-central Montana. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parke: }{\f0 Parke-Davis, a major US pharmaceutical manufacturer which produces and distributes a variety of medical drugs as well as highly dangerous and destructive \ldblquote psychiatric\rdblquote  drugs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parke and Davis:}{\f0  Parke-Davis, a major US pharmaceutical manufacturer which produces and distributes a variety of medical drugs as well as highly dangerous and destructive \ldblquote psychiatric\rdblquote  drugs. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parke and Davis:}{\f0  Parke-Davis, a major US pharmaceutical (medical drug) manufacturer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 parked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  left in a particular place; deposited. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 parked:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 put, left or settled. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 parked:}{\f0  placed, put or left. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Parke-Davis:}{\f0  a major US pharmaceutical (medical drug) manufacturer. \'d1}{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Parke-Davis: }{\b\f0\ul See Parke, Lilly, Abbott.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Parke, Lilly, Abbott: }{\f0 Parke-Davis, Eli Lilly and Company and Abbott Laboratories, three major US pharmaceutical manufacturers. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Parker:}{\f0  a staff member who worked at the Dianetics organization in Elizabeth, New Jersey in 1950. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parker:}{\f0  a staff member who worked at the Dianetics organization in Elizabeth, New Jersey in 1950. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parkinson's disease:}{\f0 
 a common neurologic disease occurring primarily after the age of 60, characterized by tremors, especially of the fingers and hands, muscle rigidity, shuffling gait, slow speech and a masklike facial expression. Named after James Parkinson (1755 - 1854), 
the English physician who first described it.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 parks:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military)}{\f0  assemblies of guns, tanks or vehicles for a military unit. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 parkway:}{\f0  a broad roadway bordered or divided with plantings of trees, bushes and grass. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 parlance:}{\f0  a style or manner of speaking or writing; language. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 parlance:}{\f0  way of speaking; talk; language. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parlance:}{\f0  way of speaking; talk; language. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 parleys:}{\f0  informal conferences between enemies under a truce, especially to discuss terms, conditions of surrender, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 parliament:}{\f0  the highest lawmaking body in some countries. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 parliament:}{\f0  the highest lawmaking body in some countries. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parliament:}{\f0  the national legislative body of Great Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Parliament:}{\f0  the national legislative body of Great Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Parliament:}{\f0  the national legislative body of Great Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Parliament:}{\f0  the national legislative body of Great Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Parliament:}{\f0  the national legislative body of Great Britain. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Parliament:}{\f0  the national legislative body of Great Britain. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 parliamentary:}{\f0  of or like a national legislative body of Great Britain and several other countries.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 parliamentary:}{\f0  of or pertaining to a parliament (an assembly of representatives, usually of an entire nation such as Britain or Canada, which has the power to make and execute laws). \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0 
 Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 parliamentary procedure:}{\f0  a body of rules recognized for preserving order and regulating debate and procedure in legislative or deliberative bodies. It is also known as parliamentary law and in the US as rules of order. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parliament House:}{\f0  the building in which the Australian Parliament meets. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul parliament }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parliament House:}{\f0  the building which houses the national legislative body of Great Britain (Parliament). \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 parliaments:}{\f0  highest lawmaking bodies in some countries. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 parlor car:}{\f0  a railroad passenger car for day travel, more luxurious than a coach and for which a higher fare is charged. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parlor game:}{\f0  any game usually played indoors, as a word game or quiz. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 parlor magician:}{\f0  one who performs \ldblquote magic\rdblquote  tricks as entertainment in or suited for a parlor (a room set aside for the entertainment of guests). \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 parlor trick:}{\f0  an amusing \ldblquote turn\rdblquote  or trick performed as entertainment. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 parlor tricks:}{\f0  amusing tricks performed as entertainment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Oxford English Dictionary}{\f0 . (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 parlor voice:}{\f0  a voice used in or suitable for a }{\f0\ul parlor: }{\f0 a room used primarily for conversation or the reception of guests. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parole:}{\f0  release a prisoner before his sentence has expired, on condition of future good behavior: the sentence is not set aside and he remains under the supervision of a parole board. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 parrot rating:}{\f0  made-up grade or rating for an auditor who is only able to }{\f0\ul parrot}{\f0  or repeat back information without full understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parsing:}{\f0  explaining of the grammatical form and function of (a word or words in a sentence). \'d1}{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 parsley:}{\f0  a plant with greenish-yellow flowers and aromatic, often curled leaves used to flavor or garnish some foods. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 parson:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 any minister; pastor. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 partakes:}{\f0  has or shows traces (of); has some of the qualities (of). \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  a necessary part (of something).  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  a necessary part (of something). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  an essential, necessary or integral part. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul part and parcel:}{\f0  an essential, necessary or integral part. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  an essential, necessary or integral part. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  an essential, necessary or integral part. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  an essential, necessary or integral part. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  an essential part. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  an inseparable or essential part. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel: }{\f0 an inseparable or essential part. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul part and parcel: }{\f0 an inseparable or essential part. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 part and parcel:}{\f0  an inseparable or essential part. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parteth:}{\f0  a humorous variation of the word \ldblquote part,\rdblquote  adding }{\f0\ul -eth}{\f0  which is an archaic ending for a word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Parthenon:}{\f0  the temple dedicated to the goddess Athena, built between 447 and 432 b.c., on a hill overlooking Athens. The structure was decorated with reliefs of various figures and scenes from Greek mythology. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 participial:}{\f0  having the nature and use of a participle (a verb form that is used with other verbs to make compound verbs, usually ending in \ldblquote ing,\rdblquote  \ldblquote ed\rdblquote  or \ldblquote d\rdblquote ). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 participially:}{\f0  in the manner of or like a participle (a verb form used with another verb to form a compound verb. A participle partakes or participates with other verbs to make compound verbs. Example: In the sentence \ldblquote 
We are playing,\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul are playing }{\f0 is the compound verb and }{\f0\ul playing }{\f0 is the participle). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 particular:}{\f0  a single thing among a number considered by itself; an individual thing or article. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 parting of the company:}{\f0  ceasing association or friendship. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 parting of the ways:}{\f0  a separating. Derived from use of the phrase to mean the place or part at which a road (}{\f0\ul way}{\f0 ) divides into two or more that proceed in different directions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 partisan:}{\f0  biased, prejudiced or one-sided. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 parts-of-existence list:}{\f0  a list of items gotten from the pc by the questions \ldblquote What are the parts of life and existence?\rdblquote  and \ldblquote What are not the parts of life and existence?\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 parts of speech: the different things words do (name a person, place or thing, show action or state of being, modify or describe another word, etc.).}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 party:}{\f0 
 a group of people working together to establish or promote particular theories or principles of government which they hold in common. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 party:}{\f0  a person or group that participates in some action, affair, plan, etc.; participant. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 party:}{\f0  a person or group that participates in some action, affair, plan, etc.; participant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 party:}{\f0  of or having to do with a group of people working together to establish or promote particular theories or principles of government which they hold in common. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and 3Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 party:}{\f0  person who takes part in, aids or knows about. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 party line:}{\f0  a political tenet regarded as a line, or boundary, beyond which a political party or its members are not supposed to go. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 party line:}{\f0  a political tenet regarded as a line, or boundary, beyond which a political party or its members are not supposed to go. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 party line:}{\f0  the authoritatively announced policies and practices of a group, especially of the Communist Party. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 party line:}{\f0  the guiding policy, tenets or practices of a political party. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 par value: }{\f0 the value printed on the face of a stock, bond or other financial instrument or document. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pasadena:}{\f0  a city in southern California, near Los Angeles. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pasadena:}{\f0  a city in southern California, near Los Angeles. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pass:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military)}{\f0  a written leave of absence for a brief period. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pass:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a gesture, action or remark that is intended to be sexually inviting. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pass:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a gesture, action or remark that is intended to be sexually inviting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pass:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a gesture, action or remark that is intended to be sexually inviting. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pass:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an attempt to be intimate in a sexual way. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 passenger pigeons:}{\f0 
 long-tailed American pigeons, noted for their extended migratory flights, but extinct since 1914. Passenger pigeons are believed to have lived in greater numbers than any other vertebrate (having a backbone) land animal of which records exist, but were r
epeatedly slaughtered in the 1800s for US food markets during the height of their breeding season. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pass\'e9:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French)}{\f0  out-of-date; old-fashioned. Literally means \ldblquote past.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pass\'e9:}{\f0  out-of-date; old-fashioned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pass\'e9:}{\f0  out-of-date; old-fashioned. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pass\'e9:}{\f0  past usefulness; out-of-date. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 passion:}{\f0  a strong or extravagant fondness, enthusiasm or desire for anything. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 passions:}{\f0  extreme emotions, especially emotions so strong that they may overcome a person's ability to think clearly and make him behave in a way he would normally avoid. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pass out:}{\f0  become unconscious; faint. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pass out:}{\f0  become unconscious; faint. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 passport:}{\f0  anything that ensures admission or acceptance. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 past:}{\f0  on the time track, everything which is earlier than present time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pasteboard:}{\f0  a stiff, firm board made of sheets of paper pasted or layers of paper pulp pressed together. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pasteur:}{\f0  Louis Pasteur (1822 - 1895), French chemist and bacteriologist. He proved that decay and putrefaction are caused by bacteria and developed serums and vaccines for such diseases as cholera and rabies. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pasteur:}{\f0  Louis Pasteur (1822 - 1895), French chemist and bacteriologist. He proved that decay and putrefaction are caused by bacteria and developed serums and vaccines for such diseases as cholera and rabies. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pasteur:}{\f0 
 Louis Pasteur (1822 - 1895), French chemist and bacteriologist. He proved that decay and putrefaction are caused by bacteria and developed serums and vaccines for such diseases as cholera and rabies. Used humorously in this lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul bacteria}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pasteur:}{\f0  Louis Pasteur (1822 - 1895), French chemist and bacteriologist. He proved that decay and putrefaction are caused by bacteria and developed serums and vaccines for such diseases as cholera and rabies. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Pasteurella pestis:}{\f0  organism causing bubonic plague. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul bubonic plague}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pasteur Institute:}{\f0  an institute opened in Paris in 1888 for the research, prevention and treatment of rabies. The first director of this instit
ution was Louis Pasteur (1822 - 1895), French chemist and bacteriologist. He proved that decay and putrefaction are caused by bacteria and developed serums and vaccines for such diseases as cholera and rabies. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pasteur, Louis:}{\f0  (1822 - 95) French chemist and bacteriologist; he proved that decay and putrefaction are caused by bacteria and developed serums and vaccines for such diseases as cholera and rabies. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pasteur, Louis:}{\f0  (1822 - 1895) French chemist and bacteriologist; he proved that decay and putrefaction are caused by bacteria and developed serums and vaccines for such diseases as cholera and rabies. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pastness:}{\f0  a coined word meaning a state, quality or instance of being in the past (earlier than present time on the time track). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pastoral:}{\f0  characteristic of rural life, idealized as peaceful, simple and natural. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pastoral counseling: }{\f0 counseling delivered by a pastor (minister) of the church. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 past postulates:}{\f0  decisions or conclusions the preclear has made in the past and to which he is still subjected in the present. Past postulates are uniformly invalid since they cannot resolve present environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pat:}{\f0  exactly suitable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pat:}{\f0  exactly suitable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pat:}{\f0  exactly to the point or purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pat:}{\f0  exactly to the point or purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pat:}{\f0  exactly to the point or purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pat:}{\f0  smooth and clever but superficial, as in a }{\f0\ul pat }{\f0 solution to a complex problem. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 pat-a-cake:}{\f0  a child game of clapping hands and putting palms together. The term has meant since 1950 Dianetics, NOT HANDLING CASES. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 pat-a-cake:}{\f0  a child game of clapping hands and putting palms together; the term has meant since 1950 Dianetics, NOT HANDLING CASES. \emdash }{\f0\ul HCOB 21 Nov 73 THE CURE OF Q AND A MAN'S DEADLIEST DISEASE  }{\f0 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 pat-a-cake:}{\f0 
 a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme. From the beginning words of the nursery rhyme: / Pat a cake, pat a cake, baker's man! / Bake me a cake as fast as you can, / Shape i
t and prick it, and mark it with B, / And put it in the oven for Baby and me! / Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pat-a-cake:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul patty-cake, }{\f0 
a term used since 1950 which means not handling cases. From a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words: / \ldblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man! / Bake me a cake as fast as you can, / Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B, / And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pat-a-cake:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul patty-cake, }{\f0 
a term used since 1950 which means not handling cases. From a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words: / \ldblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man! / Bake me a cake as fast as you can, / Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B, / And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote   \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pat and Mike:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  of or having to do with the ficticious characters Pat and Mike in Irish jokes. From }{\f0\ul Pat}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Mike, }{\f0 common names for Irishmen. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pat and Mike:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  the fictitious characters Pat and Mike in Irish jokes. From }{\f0\ul Pat}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Mike, }{\f0 common names for Irishmen. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Patch, Dan: }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Dan Patch }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patching up:}{\f0  mending, repairing, making whole. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patching up:}{\f0  repairing with patches; putting together hastily or as a makeshift. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 patch (something) up:}{\f0  mend a hole or break (in something); repair or fix (something). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 patch-up:}{\f0  an act or instance of patching or repairing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 patch-up:}{\f0  something which is put together hastily or poorly. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patent:}{\f0  readily open to notice or observation; evident; obvious.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 patent flour:}{\f0  a fine grade of flour sold in sacks. The sacks are easily opened by pulling a string which undoes the stitching that is keeping the bag closed. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patently:}{\f0  clearly; obviously; openly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 patent medicine:}{\f0  medicine sold without a prescription in drugstores or by sales representatives, and usually protected by a trademark. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patent medicines:}{\f0  medicines sold without a prescription in drugstores or by sales representatives, and usually protected by a trademark. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 paternity:}{\f0  the state of being a father; fatherhood. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 paternoster:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  our father (}{\f0\ul pater:}{\f0  father; }{\f0\ul noster:}{\f0  our). The opening words of the Latin version of the Lord's Prayer (a prayer which Jesus taught his disciples). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paternoster:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  our father (}{\f0\ul pater:}{\f0  father; }{\f0\ul noster:}{\f0  our). The opening words of the Latin version of the Lord's Prayer (a prayer which Jesus taught his disciples). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Path:}{\f0  a made-up name for a planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pathetic:}{\f0  causing or evoking pity. --}{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 Pathetic Foundation:}{\f0  a made-up name for an organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 pathologically:}{\f0  in a manner caused by or having to do with disease. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul pathology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pathologically:}{\f0  in a manner due to or involving disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 pathology:}{\f0  any abnormal variation from a sound or proper condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pathology:}{\f0  any deviation from a healthy, normal or efficient condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pathology:}{\f0  any deviation from a healthy, normal or efficient condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pathology:}{\f0  the science or the study of the origin, nature and course of diseases. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pat (one) on the back:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  praise (one) for something he has done. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 pat (one) on the back:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  praise (one) for something he has done. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pat (one) on the back:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  praise (one) for something he has done. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pat Pending:}{\f0  a humorous reference to }{\f0\ul patent pending: }{\f0 a 
phrase stamped on manufactured articles (frequently abbreviated as pat. pending) intended merely as a notice to the public that application for a patent (a government grant to a person by which he is the only one allowed to make or sell a new invention fo
r a certain number of years) has been filed but has not yet been granted. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patrolman:}{\f0  a person who patrols; especially a police officer assigned to patrol a specific beat (a habitual path or round of duty). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patrol vessel: }{\f0 naval vessel used in wartime as protecting escorts for other ships, to hunt down submarines and to serve as general warning craft. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 patrol wagon:}{\f0  a police van for prisoners. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 patron saint:}{\f0  a saint looked upon as the special guardian of a person, place, institution, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pat (someone) on the back:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  praise (someone) for something he has done. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 patted up:}{\f0  flattened, smoothed or put into place or shape with light strokes (as of the hands). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patter:}{\f0  language of a profession or class.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 patter:}{\f0  the special vocabulary of a particular activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul patter:}{\f0  the special vocabulary of a particular activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul patter:}{\f0  the special vocabulary of a particular activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 patter:}{\f0  the special vocabulary of a particular activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patterdash:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 idle, meaningless chatter spoken rapidly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patty-cake:}{\f0  a term used since 1950 which means not handling cases. From a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words: \ldblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man! / Bake me a cake as fast as you can, / Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B, / And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  / Used figuratively to mean \ldblquote dally or putter\rdblquote  in this lecture. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patty-cake:}{\f0  a term used since 1950 which means not handling cases. From a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words: / \ldblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man! / Bake me a cake as fast as you can, / Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B, / And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patty-cake:}{\f0  a term used since 1950 which means not handling cases. From a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words: / \ldblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man! / Bake me a cake as fast as you can, / Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B, / And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul patty-cake:}{\f0  a term used since 1950 which means not handling cases. From a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words:/\rdblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man!/Bake me a cake as fast as you can,/Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B,/And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 patty-cake:}{\f0  a term used since 1950 which means the action of not handling cases. From a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words:/
\rdblquote Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man!/Bake me a cake as fast as you can,/Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B,/And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 patty-cake:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul pat-a-cake, }{\f0 a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words: / \ldblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man! / Bake me a cake as fast as you can, / Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B, / And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  / Used figuratively to mean \ldblquote childish clarity or simplicity\rdblquote 
 in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patty-cake:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul pat-a-cake, }{\f0 a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words: / \ldblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man! / Bake me a cake as fast as you can, / Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B, / And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  / Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 patty-cake:}{\f0  literally, a child game of clapping hands and putting palms together. Used figuratively in this issue.   \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 Pattycake:}{\f0  literally, a child's game of clapping hands and putting palms together. Used as a made-up name for a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pattycake: literally, a child's game of clapping hands and putting palms together. Used as a made-up name for a person. \emdash }{\b\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Pattycake:}{\f0  literally, a child's game of clapping hands and putting palms together. Used as a made-up name for a person. }{\f0\ul When Mrs. Pattycake comes to 
us to be taught, turn that wandering doubt in her eye into a fixed, dedicated glare and she'll win and we'll all win.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Edited}{\f0  from }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 pattycake:}{\f0  literally, playing a child's game of clapping hands and putting palms together. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 patty-caking:}{\f0  a term used since 1950 which means not handling cases. From a children's game played by a child clapping hands alone and with another child while chanting a nursery rhyme which has the following beginning words:/\rdblquote 
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man!/Bake me a cake as fast as you can,/Shape it and prick it, and mark it with B,/And put it in the oven for Baby and me!\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paucity:}{\f0  smallness of quantity; scarcity; scantiness. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 pauperized:}{\f0  very poor. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pauperized:}{\f0  very poor. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 pause, be given: }{\f0 be made hesitant or unsure, as from surprise or doubt. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pave the way:}{\f0  make everything ready for something. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 pave the way:}{\f0  make everything ready (for something). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pave the way:}{\f0  make everything ready (for something). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0  Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist noted for behavioral experiments 
in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented.
 \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0  Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mou
th. After the procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated sev
eral times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated sev
eral times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0  Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. No
ted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, e
ven when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0  Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural
 flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated sev
eral times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated sev
eral times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0  Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 193
6), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate
 at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0  Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, the
reby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated sev
eral times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated sev
eral times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0  Iva
n Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several
 times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell whil
e presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After th
e procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated sev
eral times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0 
 Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. Noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated sev
eral times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov:}{\f0  Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist. No
ted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several times, the dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, e
ven when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlovian:}{\f0  having to do with the work of Ivan Pavlov. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  Pavlov}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlovian:}{\f0  having to do with the work of Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist; noted for behavioral experiments on dogs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlovian:}{\f0  having to do with the work of Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist; noted for behavioral experiments on dogs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlovian:}{\f0  having to do with the work of Ivan Petrovich Pavlov. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Pavlov }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlovian:}{\f0  having to do with the work of Ivan Petrovich Pavlov. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Pavlov }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlovianism:}{\f0  the system or belief having to do with the work of Ivan Pavlov. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  Pavlov}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlovist:}{\f0  one who believes in, supports or is an adherent of Pavlov. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Pavlov }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov, Ivan Petrovich:}{\f0  (1849 - 1936) Russian physiologist; noted for behavioral experiments on dogs. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pavlov, Saint:}{\f0  a humorous reference to Ivan Petrov
ich Pavlov (1849 - 1936), Russian physiologist noted for behavioral experiments in which he sounded a bell while presenting food to a dog, thereby stimulating the natural flow of saliva in the dog's mouth. After the procedure was repeated several times, t
he dog would salivate at the sound of the bell, even when no food was presented. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paw:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a hand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 paw in a velvet glove, steel:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul an iron hand in a velvet glove, }{\f0 meaning firmness or severity hidden by an outer appearance of gentleness. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pawn:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 a person used to advance another's purposes; tool. From the game of chess, in which the }{\f0\ul pawns }{\f0 are the game pieces of the lowest value. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 pawn:}{\f0  one of eight chess pieces of one color and of the lowest value, usually moved one square at a time vertically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pawn:}{\f0  the condition of being deposited or held as a pledge. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pawnbroker:}{\f0  a person whose business is lending money at interest on personal, movable property deposited with the lender until redeemed. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pawn, held in:}{\f0  reference to an incident (known as the \ldblquote Body in Pawn\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Double Body\rdblquote 
) where a person's body is held in one place by being hypnotized or knocked out, and the person is told that he belongs in that same place but that he now has to go somewhere else and live. For more information, read the book }{\f0\ul 
Scientology: A History of Man}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pawns:}{\f0  persons used to advance another's purpose; tools. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 paws:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 paws:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 paws: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 paws:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 paws: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paws:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hands. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 paws: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 paws:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 paws:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 paws: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the hands. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Pax Romana:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  Roman peace; the comparative peace brought about by Roman rule over the Mediterranean world (27 b.c. - 180 a.d.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pax Romana: }{\b\f0\ul (Latin) Roman peace; the comparative peace brought about by Roman rule over the Mediterranean world (27 b.c. - a.d. 180). \'d1Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul Pax Romana:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  Roman peace; the comparative peace brought about by Roman rule over the Mediterranean world (27 b.c. - 180 a.d.).  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pax vobiscum: }{\b\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  peace be with you. \'d1}{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul pax vobiscum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  peace be with you.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul pax vobiscum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  peace be with you. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pay dirt: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  any source of success or wealth; a fortunate discovery or profitable venture. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pay dirt: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  success; from the slang term for the dirt in which much gold is found. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pay dirt, hit:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 discover a source of wealth, success, etc. From the mining term for soil, gravel or ore that can be mined profitably. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 payoff:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a climax or outcome, especially when unexpected or unlikely. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pays no money and takes his chances:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of}{\f0\ul 
 you pays your money and you takes your choice,}{\f0  what will happen is a matter of chance or luck, suggesting that when faced with a choice between two similar possibilities or alternatives, one might just as well rely on luck. The phrase come
s from a rhyme used by English traders with market stalls:/\rdblquote Whatever you please my little dears:/You pays your money and you takes your choice./You pays your money and what you sees is/A cow or a donkey just as you pleases.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pays off:}{\f0  yields good results. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PBY:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Navy)}{\f0  the designation for a type of patrol bomber produced from 1935 to 1945 and used during World War II by the US Navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 
lear: a person not yet Clear, hence pre- Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is an unaberrated person. He is rational in that he 
forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. It is a state of mental well-being never before achieved by man. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear: a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; gener
ally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is a being who no longer has his own reactive mind. He is rational in that he forms the best possible sol
utions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear: a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road
 to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is an unaberrated person. He is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. It is a state of menta
l well-being never before achieved by man.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear, a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0 
 Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear, a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul clearing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear}{\f0\ul ,}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear, a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5
\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear.}{\f0\ul  See also}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary.   \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul preclear. See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear.}{\f0\ul  See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 pc: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul preclear. See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul preclear. See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul preclear. See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul preclear. See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pc: abbreviation for }{\b\f0\ul preclear. See preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear.}{\f0\ul  See }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pc:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lear. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PCO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonnel }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ontrol }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 fficer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pc Origination: }{\b\f0\ul Preclear Originations, }{\f0 the name of the training drill }{\f0\ul Training 4. See }{\f0 HCOB 11 June 57, TRAINING AND CCH PROCESSES, in the appendix of this volume for data on this drill. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pcs:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 re}{\f0\ul c}{\f0 lears.}{\f0\ul  See}{\b\f0\ul  preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 PDH:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 ain-}{\f0\ul d}{\f0 rug-}{\f0\ul h}{\f0 ypnosis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 pain-drug-hypnosis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PDH:}{\f0  (abbreviation for pain-drug-hypnosis) using administered pain, drugs and hypnotism to cause a victim to become a robot and commit crimes or act in an irrational way. }{\f0\ul PDH }{\f0 
is not very effective but it is very damaging to the person. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 PDH:}{\f0  (abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 ain-}{\f0\ul d}{\f0 rug-}{\f0\ul h}{\f0 ypnosis) using administered pain, drugs and hypnotism to cause a victim to become a robot and commit crimes or act in an irrational way. }{\f0\ul PDH }{\f0 
is not very effective but it is very damaging to the person. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PDH:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 ain-}{\f0\ul d}{\f0 rug-}{\f0\ul h}{\f0 ypnosis. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul pain-drug-hypnosis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PDHed:}{\f0  administered PDH to. }{\f0\ul PDH }{\f0 is an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 ain-}{\f0\ul d}{\f0 rug-}{\f0\ul h}{\f0 
ypnosis, meaning use of administered pain, drugs and hypnotism to cause a victim to become a robot and commit crimes or act in an irrational way. }{\f0\ul PDH }{\f0 is not very effective but it is very damaging to the person. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote PDH the cat\rdblquote  routines:}{\f0  a reference to the use of wrongly phrased questions and misinterpreted E-Meter reads to \ldblquote prove\rdblquote  to an individual that he has been PDHed by the cat (or anyone else). For full dat
a on this see \ldblquote The Sad Tail of PDH\rdblquote  (June 1961) in the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 PDQ:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an abbreviation for the expression }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 retty }{\f0\ul d}{\f0 amn }{\f0\ul 
q}{\f0 uick. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 PE: abbreviation for }{\b\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Course:}{\f0  an introductory course for new Scientologists. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Course:}{\f0  an introductory course for new Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 fficiency Course: an introductory course for new Scientologists. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 fficiency Course, an introductory course for new Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Course,}{\f0  an introductory course for new Scientologists.}{\f0\ul  \emdash 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 fficiency Course, an introductory course for new Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 fficiency Course, an introductory course for new Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Course,}{\f0  an introductory course for new Scientologists.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul PE Co-audit}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)

\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Course,}{\f0  an introductory course for persons new to Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Course,}{\f0  an introductory course for persons new to Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Course. See }{\b\f0\ul PE Course}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 
fficiency Foundation: a department of a Central Organization at the time of the lecture which was the entrance door of the public into the services of the Central Organization, a knowledge of Scientology and a higher level of civilization. \emdash }{
\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peace Prizes:}{\f0 
 one of the types of annual international prizes awarded by the Nobel Foundation. Nobel prizes are given out in several different categories: peace, chemistry, physics, physiology and medicine, and literature. The Peace Prizes are those awarded for outsta
nding contributions in promoting international peace. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Nobel}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Glossary Part 1 }{\f0 Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 peach:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  give evidence against another; turn informer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 peach:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  give evidence against another; turn informer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peach: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  give evidence against another; turn informer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pea in the seven mattresses of the princess:}{\f0  a reference to }{\f0\ul \ldblquote The Princess and the Pea,\rdblquote }{\f0 
 a story by Hans Christian Andersen, Danish author (1805 - 1875), where a prince insists on marrying a real princess. When a princess comes to his door, maintaining t
hat she is a real princess, the prince's mother tests her by burying a pea under a huge stack of mattresses and then ordering the princess to sleep on the mattresses. The princess cannot sleep, and therefore passes the test: being a true princess, she is 
so delicate that the pea keeps her awake. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peaked up:}{\f0  brought to a high point in the course of development. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 peaked up:}{\f0  emphasized. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peak up:}{\f0  become emphasized. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peak up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Figurative)}{\f0  become emphasized. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 peanuts: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 a very small amount of money. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peanuts: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 anything which is unimportant, insignificant or small. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul peanuts, worth: }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul worth a damn. Peanuts }{\f0 are any small or insignificant persons or things. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul damn, worth a}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  A
pproved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peanut-whistle:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 having very little power. A }{\f0\ul peanut-whistle }{\f0 is a small instrument for making whistling sounds by means of the breath. }{\f0\ul Peanut}{\f0  is slang for small or insignificant. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peanut-whistle:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  small and unimportant. A coined expression from the slang usage of }{\f0\ul peanut,}{\f0  meaning something small, insignificant or unimportant; and }{\f0\ul whistle-stop,}{\f0 
 a small town, originally one at which a train stopped only upon signal. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peanut}{\f0  }{\b\f0 whistle station:}{\f0  a small, unimportant radio station. A coined expression from the slang usage of }{\f0\ul peanut,}{\f0  meaning something small, insignificant or unimportant; and }{\f0\ul whistle-stop}{\f0 
:a small town, originally one at which a train stopped only upon signal. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 peanut-whistle, two: }{\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  having very little power. A }{\f0\ul peanut whistle }{\f0 is a small instrument for making whistling sounds by means of the breath. }{\f0\ul Peanut}{\f0  is slang for small or insignificant. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #2, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pearl Harbor:}{\f0  a major United States naval base in Hawaii that was attacked by the Japanese Air Force on 7 December 1941 with great loss of American lives and ships. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pearl Harbor:}{\f0  a major United States naval base in Hawaii that was attacked by the Japanese Air Force on 7 December 1941 with great loss of American lives and ships. The attack on Pearl Harbor catapulted the United States into World War II. }
{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul World War II}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pearl Harbor:}{\f0  a major United States naval base in Hawaii that was attacked without warning by the Japanese air force on 7 December, 1941, with great loss of American lives and ships. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Pearl Harbor:}{\f0  a major United States naval base in Hawaii that was attacked without warning by the Japanese Air Force on 7 December, 1941, with great loss of American lives and ships. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 pearls of Ophir out in front of (someone), laying the:}{\f0  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul casting pearls before swine: }{\f0 offering valuable things to those who cannot appreciate them. }{\f0\ul Ophir }{\f0 
is the seaport or region, frequently mentioned in the Old Testament, from which the ships of Solomon (king of Israel in the tenth century b.c.) brought fine gold in great quantity. Sandalwood, precious stones, ivory, apes and peacocks were also part of th
e cargo. Though the exact location is uncertain, it is believed to have been in a kingdom in southeastern Arabia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pearly Gates: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  the gates of heaven. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Pearly Gates:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  the gates of heaven. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pearly Gates:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  the gates of heaven. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peary, Admiral: }{\f0 (1856 - 1920) an explorer of the Arctic in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. He and his team are generally accepted as the first persons to reach the North Pole, in 1909. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 peccadillos:}{\f0  very minor or slight sins or offenses; trifling faults. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Peck, Gregory:}{\f0  (1916 -  ) a durable and likable American leading actor. At the time of this lecture, he had appeared in over twenty motion pictures, starring in two films during 1959. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PE Co-audit:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Co-audit,}{\f0  a part of the Personal Efficiency Course in which students co-audited each other on precise processes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul PE}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 co-audit}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PE Course:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 fficiency Course: an introductory course for new Scientologists.}{\f0\ul  \emdash PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 PE Course:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 
fficiency Course: an introductory course for new Scientologists which contained lectures, communication drills and auditing.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 PE Course:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonnel }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 fficiency Course. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul 
Personnel Efficiency Course}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PE Course:}{\f0  an introductory course for new Scientologists. Its entire purpose was to explain elementary Scientology, and prepare and route people into the co-audit. The letters }{\f0\ul PE}{\f0  stand for \ldblquote Personal Efficiency.
\rdblquote  \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 PE Course:}{\f0  an introductory course for new Scientologists. The letters }{\f0\ul PE}{\f0  stand for \ldblquote Personal Efficiency.\rdblquote  \'d1}{\f0\ul Scientology and Effective Knowledge Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 PE Course:}{\f0  an introductory course for people new to Scientology. The letters }{\f0\ul PE}{\f0  stand for \ldblquote Personal Efficiency.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PE Course:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Course,}{\f0  an introductory course for new Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul PED - PIN
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 fficiency Course, an introductory course for new Scientologists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 PE:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ersonal }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 fficiency Course, an introductory course for new Scientologists. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  chart, off the}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pedantic: }{\f0 having unnecessary stress on minor or trivial points of learning; displaying a scholarship lacking in judgment or sense of proportion. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pedantic:}{\f0 *** in the manner of one who insists on exact adherence to a set of arbitrary rules. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pedantic:}{\f0  in the manner of one who insists on exact adherence to a set of arbitrary rules. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 pedantically:}{\f0  in a way which is overly concerned with minute details or formalisms, especially in teaching. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pedanticism:}{\f0 *** unnecessary stress on minor or trivial points of learning; displaying a scholarship lacking in judgment or sense of proportion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 peddle:}{\f0  sell (drugs) unlawfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul peddle:}{\f0  sell (drugs) unlawfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 peddling:}{\f0  dealing out, distributing or dispensing, especially in small quantities. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pedro:}{\f0  a student on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peekem Detection Agency:}{\f0  a made-up name for an agency. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peekhole:}{\f0  a }{\f0\ul peephole,}{\f0  a hole to peep through. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peel off: }{\f0 leave, depart or move off in another direction. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peep:}{\f0  a glimpse or faint appearance. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peeved:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  irritated; annoyed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PE Foundation:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Foundation:}{\f0 
 at the time of this lecture, a separate unit of a Scientology organization which was there to introduce people to Scientology and to bring their cases up to a high level of reality both on Scientology and on life. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PE Foundation:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Foundation,}{\f0 
 at the time of this lecture, a separate unit of a Scientology organization which was there to introduce people to Scientology and to bring their cases up to a high level of reality both on Scientology and on life. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 PE Foundation: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Personal Efficiency Foundation,}{\f0  at the time of this lecture, a 
separate unit of a Scientology organization which was there to introduce people to Scientology and to bring their cases up to a high level of reality both on Scientology and on life. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 peg:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 identify or put in a category. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul peg:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 identify. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pegged:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  fixed, as if with a peg; confined; restricted. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pegged: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  fixed, as if with a peg; confined; restricted. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pegged: }{\f0 fixed, as if with a peg; confined; restricted. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pegged down:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  fixed, as if with a peg; confined; restricted. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pegged down: }{\f0 fixed, as if with a peg; confined; restricted. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pegged out:}{\f0 
 marked by a boundary of pegs (said of a piece of ground, a mining claim, etc.). Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peking: }{\f0 capital of the People's Republic of China, now known as Beijing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peking: }{\f0 capital of the People's Republic of China. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pekingese:}{\f0  any of a breed of very small dogs, originally of China, with long silky hair and a pug nose. It is a mischievous, intelligent animal and in spite of its small size, is quick-tempered and loves to fight. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Pekingese:}{\f0  any of a breed of very small dogs, originally of China, with long silky hair and a pug nose. It is a mischievous, intelligent animal and in spite of its small size, is quick-tempered and loves to fight. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pelf:}{\f0  money, wealth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pembry:}{\f0  a person at the time of the lecture who was involved in building E-Meters. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pembry:}{\f0  a person at the time of the lecture who was involved in building E-Meters. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pen: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) penitentiary, a state or federal prison for persons convicted of serious crimes. \'d1Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul pen: (slang) }{\f0 penitentiary, a state or federal prison for persons convicted of serious crimes.  \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pence:}{\b\f0\ul  (British) }{\f0 a plural form of penny, used for a sum of money. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 pence:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  plural of penny; used in referring to a sum of money rather than to the coins themselves (often used in combination), for example: sixpence. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pence: }{\b\f0\ul (British) plural of penny; used in referring to a sum of money rather than to the coins themselves. Often used in combination}{\f0 : for example, }{\f0\ul sixpence. }{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pence:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  plural of penny; used in referring to a sum of money rather than to the coins themselves (often used in combination), for example: sixpence.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 penchant:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French) }{\f0 a strong liking or fondness; inclination or taste. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  any of several antibiotic compounds obtained from certain molds or produced synthetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  any of several antibiotic compounds obtained from certain molds or produced synthetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  any of several antibiotic compounds obtained from certain molds or produced synthetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  any of several antibiotic compounds obtained from certain molds or produced synthetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  any of several antibiotic compounds obtained from certain molds or produced synthetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  any of several antibiotic compounds obtained from certain molds or produced synthetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  any of several antibiotic compounds widely used to prevent and treat bacterial infection and other diseases. It is obtained from certain molds or produced synthetically. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  any of several antibiotic compounds widely used to prevent and treat bacterial infection and other diseases. It is obtained from certain molds or produced synthetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penicillin:}{\f0  a very powerful drug for destroying bacteria. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 penis envy: }{\b\f0\ul (psychoanalysis) }{\f0 the repressed wish of a female to possess a penis. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 penitentiary: }{\f0 a state or federal prison for persons convicted of serious crimes. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penitentiary: }{\f0 a state or federal prison for persons convicted of serious crimes. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary (Classic)}{\f0  (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Penkovsky, Oleg Vladimirovich:}{\f0  (1919 - 63) Russian colonel in the GRU and deputy chief of the foreign section of the State Committee for the Coordination of Scientific Research (1960 - 62), who was convicted of spying for
 the UK and the US. Between 1961 - 62 he passed more than 5,000 photographs of classified military, political and economic documents to British and US intelligence forces. He was arrested in October 1962 and executed for high treason soon after his trial.
 In 1965 his journal, }{\f0\ul The Penkovsky Papers, }{\f0 was published in the US. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul GRU}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 pennies on a dead man's eyes:}{\f0  a reference to the custom of placing pennies (and other coins) on the eyes 
of dead persons. Such action is done in order to keep the eyelids closed (and thus not have the eyes set in a fixed glare) as rigormortis sets in. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Penn Station:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pennsylvania Railroad Station: }{\f0 one of the two enormous train stations in New York City, New York. It was completed in 1910 and nearly 740 trains passed through it each day at the time of this lecture. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pennsylvania:}{\f0  a state in the eastern United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pennsylvania Avenue:}{\f0  a well-known street in Washington, DC, the capital city of the United States. The White House, official residence of the president of the United States, is also located on this street. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pennsylvania Avenue: }{\f0 a well-known street in Washington, DC, the capital city of the United States. The White House, official residence of the president of the United States, is also located on this street. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pennsylvania Avenue:}{\f0  a well-known street in Washington, DC, the capital city of the United States. The White House, official residence of the president of the United States, is also located on this street. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Pennsylvania regulars:}{\f0  professional soldiers belonging to the permanently organized army of Pennsylvania (a state in the northeastern United States) during the American Civil War. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Civil War}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pennsylvania Turnpike:}{\f0  a superhi
ghway built in 1940 spanning the entire state of Pennsylvania, a distance of 327 miles. A turnpike is a road on which a toll must be paid, especially one that is an expressway. The term comes from a vertical pole (or pike) set up across the highway lanes 
to admit traffic. As each vehicle pays the toll the pole raises or turns so as to let the traffic pass through. Turnpikes originated in England in the seventeenth century where a small toll was imposed on travelers and goods for the purpose of keeping par
ts of the roads in good repair. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penny:}{\f0  of the price or value of a penny, costing a penny. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penny-a-liner:}{\f0  a writer of paragraphs at a cheap rate (originally a penny for each line written); hence a literary hack. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penny dropped, the:}{\f0  understanding dawned; a situation or statement was belatedly comprehended. From the use of machines operated by coins. The machines will not work until the coin has dropped into the necessary position. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penny dropped, the:}{\f0  understanding dawned; a situation or statement was belatedly comprehended. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 penny drops, the: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0 
 the meaning of a remark, joke, etc., is finally understood; the desired effect is gained after a period of misunderstanding. From the use of machines operated by coins. The machines will not work until the coin has dropped into the necessary position. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 penny drops, the: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0 
 the meaning of a remark, joke, etc., is finally understood; the desired effect is gained after a period of misunderstanding. From the use of machines operated by coins. The machines will not work until the coin has dropped into the necessary position. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pennyweights:}{\f0 
 very small amounts. A pennyweight is a measure of weight equal to 1/20 of an ounce in troy weight (a system of weights used for 
precious metals and gems, where there are twelve ounces to a pound; as opposed to avoirdupois weight, a British and American system of weights based on a pound of sixteen ounces). \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 penologist:}{\f0  one who practices penology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul penology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 penology:}{\f0  the scientific study of crime, its punishment and prison management. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pen}{\f0  }{\b\f0 pal:}{\f0  of or having to do with the relationship existing between friends or contacts with whom a regular correspondence is conducted. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pension:}{\f0  a periodic payment made by the government or a former employer to a person who is retired, disabled or widowed. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 pentagon:}{\f0  a plane figure having five angles and hence five sides. Used here to also refer to the }{\f0\ul Pentagon}{\f0 , a five-sided building in Arlington, Virginia, in which the offices of the US Department of Defense are located. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pentagon:}{\f0  the five-sided building in Arlington, Virginia, in which the offices of the US Department of Defense are located. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pentagon:}{\f0  the five-sided building in Arlington, Virginia, in which the offices of the US Department of Defense are located. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pentagon:}{\f0  the five-sided building in Arlington, Virginia, in which the offices of the US Department of Defense are located. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pentagon:}{\f0  the five-sided building in Arlington, Virginia, in which the offices of the US Department of Defense are located. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pentagon:}{\f0  the five-sided building in Arlington, Virginia, in which the offices of the US Department of Defense are located. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pentagon, the:}{\f0  the US Department of Defense; named after the five-sided building in Arlington, Virginia, in which its offices are located. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Peoria:}{\f0 *** a city in central Illinois, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Peoria:}{\f0  a city in central Illinois, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pepped up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 filled or inspired with energy, etc.; supplied with new life. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pepsi-Cola:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  the name of a popular soft drink originating in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pepsi-Cola:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  the name of a popular soft drink originating in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pep (something) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 fill or inspire (something) with energy, etc.; put new life into (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pep talk:}{\f0  a speech or short talk designed to fill or inspire, as with energy or enthusiasm. Used ironically in the lecture. --}{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 pep talk:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 a speech or short talk designed to fill or inspire with energy, enthusiasm, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peptic ulcers:}{\f0  open sores in the stomach. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pepto-Bismol:}{\f0  brand name of a medication used for indigestion, upset stomach, heartburn, diarrhea and nausea. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pepto-Bismol:}{\f0  brand name of a medication used for indigestion, upset stomach, heartburn, diarrhea and nausea. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 perambulator:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British) }{\f0 a baby carriage; buggy.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 per capita:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin) }{\f0 for each person. The phrase literally means \ldblquote by heads.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 per capita:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin) }{\f0 for each person. The phrase literally means \ldblquote by heads.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 percentile:}{\f0  percentage. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 per centum:}{\f0  for or in every hundred. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 percept:}{\f0  sense message of present time. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 perceptic:}{\f0  any sense message such as a sight, sound, smell, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul perceptic:}{\f0  any sense message such as sight, sound, smell, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 perceptic:}{\f0  any sense message such as sight, sound, smell, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perceptic:}{\f0  any sense message such as sight, sound, smell, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perceptic:}{\f0  a sense message of present time. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perceptic:}{\f0  a sense message of present time. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perceptic:}{\f0  having to do with any sense message such as sight, sound, smell, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perceptic:}{\f0  having to do with any sense message such as sight, sound, smell, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perceptics:}{\f0  any sense messages such as sights, sounds, smells, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perceptics:}{\f0  sense messages. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 perception: }{\f0 impressions of the environment which enter through the \ldblquote sense channels\rdblquote  such as the eyes and optic nerves, the nose and olfactory (of the sense of smell) nerves; the ears and aural (of th
e sense of hearing) nerves; interbody nerves for interbody perceptions, etc., by means of physical waves, rays and particles of the physical universe. Also an Awareness Level represented on the org board of a Scientology organization. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0 org board }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Awareness Level }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 perceptions:}{\f0  by means of physical waves, rays and particles of the physical universe, impressions of the environment enter through the \ldblquote sense channels\rdblquote  such as the eyes and optic nerve
s, the nose and olfactory (of the sense of smell) nerves; the ears and aural (of the sense of hearing) nerves; interbody nerves for interbody perceptions, etc., etc. These are all perceptions up to the instant they record as facsimiles at which moment the
y become recordings. When recalled they are perceptions again, being again entered into sense channels from the recall side. There are over half a hundred separate perceptions all being recorded at once. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 percepts:}{\f0  recognizable sensations or impressions received by the mind through the senses. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 perdition: }{\b\f0\ul (theology)}{\f0  the loss of the soul; damnation; hell. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 perfectable:}{\f0  capable of being perfected (made perfect or more nearly perfect according to a given standard). }{\f0\ul Perfectable}{\f0 
 is a modifier to the opposition terminal used in Routine 3 procedure in auditing implant GPMs. These modifiers have exact word forms, in this case, \ldblquote -able.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Perfect Duplication:}{\f0 
 a process by which a preclear is gotten to create a perfect duplicate of an object. A perfect duplicate is an additional creation of the object, its energy and space, in its own space, in its own time, using its own energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Perfect Duplication:}{\f0  a process by which a preclear is gotten to create a perfect duplicate of an object. A perfect duplicate is an additional creation of the object, its energy and space, in its own space, in its own time, using its o
wn energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perfidious:}{\f0  treacherous; disloyal. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 perfidious: }{\f0 treacherous; disloyal. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 perforce: }{\f0 by or through necessity; necessarily. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perforce: }{\f0 by or through necessity; necessarily. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 perforce:}{\f0  of necessity; necessarily. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perforce:}{\f0  of necessity; necessarily; by force of circumstance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perforce:}{\f0  of necessity; necessarily; by force of circumstance. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 perfunctory:}{\f0  done without care or interest or merely as a form or routine; superficial. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pericles:}{\f0  (ca. 495 - 429 b.c.) a statesman of ancient Greece, who tried to unite the country under the leadership of his own city, Athens. Pericles also promoted democracy within At
hens and was the leader of the Athens government for thirty years. His rule is sometimes known as the Golden Age of Greece. Many magnificent buildings were built under his administration and the \ldblquote Age of Pericles\rdblquote 
 came to stand for all that was the highest in the art and science of the ancient world. The state had a period of great prosperity and literature and philosophy flourished. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pericles:}{\f0  (ca 495 - 429 }{\i\f0 b.c.}{\f0 ) Athenian statesman and general. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Athenian }{\f0 in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 perihelion, like Mars at:}{\f0  very clearly. }{\f0\ul Perihelion}{\f0  is the point nearest the sun in the orbit of a planet. When Mars is at its perihelion it can be viewed very clearly because Earth is between Mars and the sun. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Mars}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peril, at one's:}{\f0  taking the risk or responsibility of the consequences. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 peril, at one's:}{\f0  taking the risk or responsibility of the consequences. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Perils of Pauline, The\rdblquote :}{\f0  the name of a famous 1914 film serial concerned with the heroine's (Pauline's) evasion of attempts on her life by her dastardly guardian. It was one of the most popular serials of its time. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul serial }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Perils of Pauline, The\rdblquote :}{\f0  the name of a famous 1914 film serial concerned with the heroine's (Pauline's) evasion of attempts on her life by her dastardly guardian. It was one of the most popular serials of its time. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul serial }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perimeter:}{\f0  the outer boundary of a figure or area. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 perimeter:}{\f0  the outer boundary of a figure or area. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 perimeter:}{\f0 *** the outer limits of an area. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 period:}{\f0  an end; termination. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 period:}{\f0  of or like that of an earlier time or age. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 periodical: }{\f0 a magazine or other journal that is issued at regularly recurring intervals. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 periodic chart:}{\f0  periodic table: a table in which the chemical elements, arranged in order of their atomic numbers, are shown in related groups. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 periodic chart:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul periodic table: }{\f0 a table in which the chemical elements, arranged in the order of their atomic weights, are shown in related groups. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 periodic chart:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul periodic table: }{\f0 a table in which the chemical elements (substances that cannot be broken down chemically) are arranged in a specific order. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 peripheral: }{\b\f0\ul (anatomy) }{\f0 near the surface or outside of; external. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peripheral vascular system: }{\f0 that part of the vascular system (vessels and organs that carry and circulate the blood and lymph) that branches to the surface or outer parts of the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 periphery:}{\f0  surrounding space or area; outer parts; environs or outskirts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 perked up:}{\f0 *** became lively or animated; especially, recovered one's spirits. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 perking up:}{\f0  becoming lively or animated; especially recovering one's spirits. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 permeate:}{\f0  pass, spread or diffuse itself through; penetrate, pervade, saturate. (Of things material or immaterial.) \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 permeated:}{\f0  spread or diffused; penetrated. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Pernambuco:}{\f0  a state on the northeastern coast of Brazil, its capital is Recife, sometimes also called }{\f0\ul Pernambuco.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pernetta, Mike:}{\f0 *** a student on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Pernetta, Mike:}{\f0  a student on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pernicious:}{\f0  causing insidious harm or ruin; ruinous; injurious; hurtful.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pernt:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect) }{\f0 point. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pernt:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect) }{\f0 point. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pernt:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul point}{\f0  said with a New York accent. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pernt: }{\b\f0\ul point}{\f0  said with a New York accent. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 peroxide: }{\f0 hydrogen peroxide; a colorless liquid used in a diluted solution as a bleach and an antiseptic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 perpetrate: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  to do or make, something implied to be bad or atrocious. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 perpetrated:}{\f0  done or committed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 perpetrated:}{\f0  done or committed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 perpetrated:}{\f0  done or performed (something evil, criminal or offensive); been guilty of. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Perry:}{\f0 
 reference to the Perry brothers, Matthew Calbraith (1794 - 1858) and Oliver Hazard (1785 - 1819). Matthew was an American naval officer and diplomat who joined the navy in 1809, saw action in the War of 1812 and later served as an officer in the Mediterr
anean. His chief claim to fame rests on his negotiations with the isolated country of Japan in 1852 - 1854. He succ
essfully arranged a treaty which opened Japan to the US and the rest of the world. Oliver, his brother, as an American naval officer had been ordered to build a fleet on Lake Erie in the north central US in order to prevent British advance during the War 
of 1812. On 10 September 1813, the Battle of Lake Erie was fought in which Perry heroically forced the full surrender of the British fleet. Both Perrys were spirited and ruthless naval officers of their time. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Perry, Oliver Hazard:}{\f0 
 (1785 - 1819) American naval officer. He was ordered to build a fleet on Lake Erie in the north central United States in order to prevent British advance during the War of 1812. On 10 September 1813, the Battle of Lake Erie was fought in which Perry hero
ically forced the full surrender of the British vessels. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 per se:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin) }{\f0 by or in itself. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 per se:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  by or in itself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 persevere:}{\f0  persist in anything undertaken; maintain a purpose in spite of difficulty or obstacles; continue steadfastly. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 persevere:}{\f0  persist in anything undertaken; maintain a purpose in spite of difficulty or obstacles; continue steadfastly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Persian:}{\f0  an inhabitant of Persia (now called Iran). \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Persian:}{\f0  of or pertaining to ancient and recent Persia (now Iran), its people or their language. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Persian:}{\f0  of Persia (old name of Iran), ancient or modern, its people, their language, or culture; Iranian. Iran is a country in southwest Asia between the Caspian Sea and the Persian Gulf. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Persian cat:}{\f0  a long-haired variety of the domestic cat, originally raised in Persia (now called Iran) and Afghanistan. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Persians:}{\f0  natives of Persia (now called Iran). As an ancient empire, Persia's
 rule once extended west as far as Greece and east into India. Its downfall started around 500 b.c. when the Greek city-states revolted against their rule, eventually overthrowing the Persians. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Persians:}{\f0  natives or inhabitants of Persia (now called Iran). \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Persians:}{\f0  natives or inhabitants of Persia (now called Iran). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Persians:}{\f0  natives or inhabitants of Persia (now called Iran). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 persiflage:}{\f0  light, frivolous or flippant talk or writing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 persiflage:}{\f0  light, joking talk or writing. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 persist:}{\f0  continue to exist or prevail; endure; remain. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 persistency:}{\f0  a holding fast to a purpose or course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Personal Efficiency Foundation:}{\f0  a department of a Central Organization at the time of the lecture whi
ch was the entrance door of the public into the services of the Central Organization, a knowledge of Scientology and a higher level of civilization. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 personality:}{\f0  a complex of inherited (mest, organic, theta) and environmental (aberration, education, present time environment, nutrition, etc.) factors. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 personality graphs:}{\f0  graphs which show the results of personality tests, such as the Oxford Capacity Analysis, a test which consists of 200 questions which measure personality traits. These tests are used to evaluate preclear gains. \emdash }
{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 personality graphs:}{\f0  graphs which show the results of personality tests, such as the Oxford Capacity Analysis, a test which consists of 200 questions which measure personality traits. These tests are used to evaluate preclear gains. \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 personal presence altitude:}{\f0  that condition wherein an individual leads or makes an impression upon others merely by his presence, by his example and the fact of his existence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 personification: }{\f0 embodying in one's life or behavior. \'d1}{\f0\ul Oxford American Dictionary}{\f0  (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 personify:}{\f0  are the embodiment (person or thing symbolizing some idea, quality, etc.) or perfect example of.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Personnel Efficiency Course:}{\f0  an introductory course for new Scientologists which contained lectures, communication drills and auditing.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Personnel Enhancement:}{\f0  (Division 5, Department 14) the department which gets staff members through all training, Word Clearing, auditing or other actions they need. (The full name for this department is Department of Personnel Enhancement.) 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 personnel freeze:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning an order which fixes organization personnel onto their posts thus preventing continuous or unauthorized changes and instability. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 perspicacity:}{\f0  the quality or state of having keen judgment or understanding or acute perception. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 perspirator:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pertains:}{\f0  belongs; is connected or associated; is a part, accessory, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  an abbreviated term for the organization located in Perth, the capital city of Western Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  a Scientology organization in the city of Perth, Australia; the capital of western Australia. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  the capital city of Western Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  the capital city of Western Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  the capital city of Western Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  the capital city of Western Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  the capital city of Western Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  the Scientology organization in Perth, a city in Western Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Perth:}{\f0  the Scientology organization located in Perth, the capital city of Western Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pertinences:}{\f0  qualities of pertaining or relating directly and significantly to the matter at hand; relevancies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pertinences:}{\f0  those things which pertain or relate directly and significantly to the matter at hand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pertinencies:}{\f0 *** those things which pertain or relate directly and significantly to the matter at hand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 pertinent: }{\f0 having some connection with the matter at hand; relevant; to the point. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 perturbation:}{\f0  being worried or upset; being disturbed or troubled greatly. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Peru, sacred treasure of:}{\f0 
 reference to the abundance of gold and silver which existed during the realm of the Incas, the rulers of a vast empire in South America from the 11th century to the early 1500s. During the Incan empire, the use of gold and silver were reserved for the em
peror (called the Inca, absolute ruler and thought of as a god), the temples and the upper nobility. These extensive gold and silver deposits became a target of the Spanish imperial ambitions during the early 16th century. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perusal:}{\f0  detailed examination; study; careful or thorough reading. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perusal:}{\f0  reading. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pervade:}{\f0  pass through; spread or be diffused throughout. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 pervasion:}{\f0  the action or condition of becoming spread throughout all parts of. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pervasion:}{\f0  the action or condition of becoming spread throughout all parts of. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pervasive:}{\f0  tending to be found throughout (something) so as to characterize, flavor unmistakably or otherwise mark. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pervasive:}{\f0  tending to be prevalent or to spread throughout. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pervasively:}{\f0  in a way or manner so as to diffuse or extend throughout the whole of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 perverted:}{\f0  turned from what is right; made wicked; misguided; distorted. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 PES: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ublic }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 xecutive }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ecretary, the executive over Divisions 6A, 6B and 6C in a Scientology organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 PESA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ains, }{\f0\ul E}{\f0 motions, }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ensations,}{\f0\ul  A}{\f0 ttitudes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\f0 
HCOB 18 June 78R Rev. 20.9.78, NED Series 4R ASSESSMENT AND HOW TO GET THE ITEM; and HCOB 24 Apr 91 Expanded Dianetics Series 27 PREASSESSMENT FOR EXPANDED DIANETICS. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pesco:}{\f0  a student on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peseta:}{\f0  the monetary unit and a coin of Spain. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul peseta:}{\f0  the monetary unit and a coin of Spain. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peseta, bet your bottom:}{\f0  be absolutely assured; count on it. A variation of }{\f0\ul bet your bottom dollar.}{\f0  The peseta is the monetary unit and a coin of Spain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 peseta, bet your bottom:}{\f0 *** be absolutely assured; count on it. A variation of }{\f0\ul bet your bottom dollar.}{\f0  The peseta is the monetary unit and a coin of Spain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pesetas:}{\f0  the monetary unit and a coin of Spain. At the time of this lecture it was worth 1 - 2 cents (US).  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #7, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 peseta, you can bet your bottom peseta:}{\f0  variation on }{\f0\ul bet your bottom dollar,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote to be absolutely assured; count on it.\rdblquote  The peseta is the monetary unit and a coin of Spain. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Peskadora Audubon Society for the Accumulation of Colored  \tab  Paintings of Robins' Feathers:}{\f0  a made-up name for a society. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pestiferous: }{\f0 annoying; bothersome. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pestiferous: }{\f0 annoying; bothersome. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 petard, hoist by thine own:}{\f0  beaten with one's own weapons or caught in one's own trap; destroyed by the very means with which one meant to destroy others. The }{\f0\ul petard }{\f0 
was an explosive device used in medieval warfare. To be hoisted or lifted by a petard literally means to be blown up. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 petard, hoist by your own:}{\f0  hurt, ruined or destroyed by the very device or plot one had intended for another. A }{\f0\ul petard}{\f0 
 was an explosive devise used in Medieval warfare. To be hoisted by a petard literally means to be blown up. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul 
Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1
Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0 
 Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 
an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 
an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Pete: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's Sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me, Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\b\f0\ul  (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an interjection used in various mild exclamations and phrases expressive of exasperation or annoyance. For example, \ldblquote So help me Pete,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote For Pete's sake.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete, honest to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 really, truly or genuinely; used to emphasize one's sincerity or truthfulness. Variation of }{\f0\ul honest to goodness }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul honest to God. Pete}{\f0  is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul 
God. }{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pete, honest to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 really, truly or genuinely; used to emphasize one's sincerity or truthfulness. Variation of }{\f0\ul honest to goodness }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul honest to God}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul Pete}{\f0 
 is a euphemism for }{\f0\ul God.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  a Scientologist in Australia at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  a Scientologist in Australia at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  a Scientologist in Australia at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  the name of a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  the name of a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Peter:}{\f0  the name of a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 petered out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 came to an end gradually; gave out; failed. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Peter Piper:}{\f0  a reference to the famous tongue-twister in English entitled \ldblquote Peter Piper,\rdblquote 
 the context of which is as follows: / Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers; / A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked; / If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers, / Where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked? \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pete, so help me:}{\f0  an interjection used to mean \ldblquote I am speaking the truth\rdblquote  or \ldblquote on my honor.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul Pete}{\f0  is a euphemism for}{\f0\ul  God.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #7, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pete, swear to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 affirm with confidence and considerable vehemence. Variation of }{\f0\ul swear on a stack of Bibles }{\f0 and }{\f0\ul Pete}{\f0 , a euphemism for }{\f0\ul God.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 petition: }{\f0 a request made for something desired, especially a respectful or humble request, as to a superior or to one of those in authority. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 petitioning:}{\f0  making a request for something desired. \'d1Editor from  }{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0 
 (used humorously in the lecture, so general, loose definition is best here.) (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 petitioning: }{\f0 requesting something desired, especially respectfully or humbly, as to a superior or to one of those in authority. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 petit mal seizures:}{\f0  brief seizures (attacks) of unconsciousness. }{\f0\ul Petit mal}{\f0  (French for }{\f0\ul small illness) }{\f0 is a form of epilepsy, a disease of the nervous system. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ex
Dn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 petit mal seizures:}{\f0  brief seizures (attacks) of unconsciousness. }{\b\f0 Petit mal}{\f0  is a form of epilepsy, a disease of the nervous system; the term is French for }{\f0\ul small illness.}{\f0   \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #18, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pet peeve:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a particular, special dislike or annoyance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Petrillo: }{\f0 James Caesar Petrillo (1892 - 1984), president of the American Federation of Musicians from 1940 to 1958. Petrillo organized several strikes\'d1often without the support of public opinion\'d1
against radio, television and recording companies in order to strengthen the organization of his union and to combat increased use of technological devices which created less employment for musicians. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0 
 Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 petrol book:}{\f0  a book containing coupons entitling its holder to a ration of petrol (gasoline). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul ration book}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)

\par }{\b\f0 petty:}{\f0  relatively worthless or unimportant; trivial; insignificant; small-scale; minor. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Petty girl:}{\f0 
 reference to the drawings of George Petty, illustrator, during the 1930s through the 1960s. These were of very pretty women and were often used as }{\f0\ul pinups: }{\f0 
pictures of very attractive or famous persons, pinned up on a wall, as in barracks, usually by admirers who have not met the subjects. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 petty officer:}{\f0  a noncommissioned officer in the US or British navy. \'d1}{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{
\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 petty officer:}{\f0  the naval equivalent of the rank of sergeant in military forces. \'d1}{\f0\ul Oxford Companion to Ships and the Sea}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 petulance:}{\f0  having or showing impatience or irritation, especially over petty annoyance; peevishness.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pewter:}{\f0  a container or utensil made of any of various alloys in which tin is the main ingredient, originally one of tin and lead. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89

\par }{\b\f0 peyote:}{\f0  a hallucinogenic drug prepared from the dried, buttonlike tops of a type of Mexican cactus. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 peyote:}{\f0 *** a hallucinogenic drug prepared from the dried, buttonlike tops of a type of Mexican cactus. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 (p forty) P40:}{\f0  an American fighter airplane, manufactured by the Curtiss-Wright Corporation during World War II. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Phaedo:}{\f0  a written work authored by Plato which describes the death of Socrates and deals with the immortality of the soul. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 phagocytes: }{\f0 blood cells that absorb and destroy other cells, microorganisms, etc., in the blood and tissues. \'d1}{\f0\ul Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 phagocytes: }{\f0 blood cells that absorb and destroy other cells, microorganisms, etc., in the blood and tissues. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pharaoh:}{\f0  a ruler of ancient Egypt. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pharaohs:}{\f0  rulers of ancient Egypt, many of whom were cruelly oppressive and tyrannical. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pharmaceticopeia:}{\f0  a humorous variation of pharmacopoeia. An authoritative book containing a list and description of drugs and medicinal products together with the standards established under law for their production, dispensation, use, etc. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pharmacopeia: }{\f0 an authoritative book containing a list and description of drugs and medicinal products together with the standards established under law for their production, dispensation, use, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 phase, out of:}{\f0  out of synchronization (with someone or something); moving at a different rate. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phase, out of:}{\f0  out of synchronization (with someone or something); moving at a different rate. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Auditor Administration (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phase, out of:}{\f0  out of synchronization (with someone or something); moving at a different rate. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul phase, out of:}{\f0  out of synchronization (with someone or something); moving at a different rate. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phenobarbital:}{\f0  a drug used by medical doctors to calm the nerves and induce sleep. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phenobarbital:}{\f0  a drug used by medical doctors to calm the nerves and induce sleep. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 phenobarbital:}{\f0  a medicinal drug used to calm the nerves and induce sleep. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 phenobarbital:}{\f0  a white crystalline powder used as a sedative, a hypnotic and as an antispasmodic in epilepsy.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 phenobarbital:}{\f0  a white crystalline powder used as a sedative and hypnotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul phenobarbital:}{\f0  a white crystalline powder used as a sedative and hypnotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phenobarbital:}{\f0  a white crystalline powder used as a sedative and hypnotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phenomena:}{\f0  facts, occurrences or circumstances observed or observable. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 phenomena:}{\f0  facts or occurrences or changes perceived by any of the senses or by the mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phenomena:***}{\f0  facts or occurrences or changes perceived by any of the senses or by the mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 phenomena:}{\f0  observable facts or events. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Phil: }{\f0 a Saint Hill Special Briefing Course Instructor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia:}{\f0  a city and port in southeastern Pennsylvania. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia:}{\f0  a city in the state of Pennsylvania on the East Coast of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia:}{\f0  a city in the state of Pennsylvania on the East Coast of the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia:}{\f0  a city in the state of Pennsylvania on the East Coast of the United States where the US Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776. }{\f0\ul Philadelphia }{\f0 was the capital of the United States until 1800. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia:}{\f0  a city in the state of Pennsylvania on the East Coast of the United States where the US Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776. }{\f0\ul Philadelphia }{\f0 was the capital of the United States until 1800. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia:}{\f0 
 one of the largest cities in the United States in southeastern Pennsylvania with a population of nearly 2 million people at the time of this lecture. Part of this city's transportation system includes an extensive network of trolley lines. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul streetcar }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia:}{\f0  one of the largest cities in the United States in southeastern Pennsylvania with a population of nearly 2 million people at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Philadelphia:}{\f0  reference to the }{\f0\ul Philadelphia Doctorate Course lectures:}{\f0 
 a series of sixty-two lectures given by Ron in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1 - 18 December 1952. The material covered included such areas as a wide analysis of human behavior, the handling and control of }{\f0\ul Homo sapiens}{\f0 
 and the highest level of atomic and molecular phenomena. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia Congress:}{\f0  the First International Congress of Dianeticists and Scientologists, held by LRH in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 30 September to 4 October 1953. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia Congress of 1953:}{\f0  the First International Congress of Dianeticists and Scientologists, held by LRH in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 30 September to 4 October 1953. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia Lectures, 1952:}{\f0  a series of sixty-two lectures given by Ron from 1 December to 18 December 1952 to students of the Philadelphia Doctorate Course in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Philadelphia Lectures, 1952:}{\f0 
 a series of sixty-two lectures given by Ron from 1 December to 18 December 1952 to students of the Philadelphia Doctorate Course in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Philadelphia Lectures, 1952:}{\f0 
 a series of sixty-two lectures given by Ron from 1 December to 18 December 1952 to students of the Philadelphia Doctorate Course in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia lectures:}{\f0  the Philadelphia Doctorate Course lectures, a series of sixty-two lectures given by Ron in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1 - 18 December 1952. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia lectures:}{\f0  the Philadelphia Doctorate Course lectures, a series of sixty-two lectures given by Ron in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1 - 18 December 1952. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia lectures:}{\f0  the Philadelphia Doctorate Course lectures, a series of sixty-two lectures given by Ron in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1 - 18 December 1952. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)

\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia lectures:}{\f0  the Philadelphia Doctorate Course lectures, a series of sixty-two lectures given by Ron in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1 - 18 December 1952. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Philadelphia Medical Conference:}{\f0  a made-up name for a medical conference. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 philatelist:}{\f0  a collector of postage stamps, postmarks, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philip:}{\f0  Philip II: (382 - 336 b.c.) king of Macedonia, father of Alexander the Great. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Philip:}{\f0  the name of a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Philippine:}{\f0  of the Philippine Islands, a group of islands in the southwest Pacific Ocean. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philippine Deep: }{\f0 a reference to the }{\f0\ul Philippine Trench, }{\f0 the very deepest part of the Philippine Sea which is 34,578 feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philippine Deep:}{\f0  a reference to the }{\f0\ul Phillippine Trench, }{\f0 the very deepest part of the Philippine Sea which is 34,578 feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Philippines: }{\f0 country occupying a group of about 7,100 islands in the southwestern Pacific off the southeast coast of Asia. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 Philippines:}{\f0  country occupying a group of islands }{\f0\ul (Philippine Islands) }{\f0 in the Southwest Pacific off the Southeast coast of Asia. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 philosopher:}{\f0  a person who studies or is an expert in }{\f0\ul philosophy:}{\f0  the rational investigation of the truths and principles of being, knowledge or conduct. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 philosopher:}{\f0  a person who studies or is an expert in philosophy, the rational investigation of the truths and principles of being, knowledge or conduct. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 philosopher:}{\f0  a person who studies or is an expert in philosophy, the rational investigation of the truths and principles of being, knowledge or conduct. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 philosophic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to philosophy, the rational investigation of the truths and principles of being, knowledge or conduct. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 philosophic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to philosophy, the rational investigation of the truths and principles of being, knowledge or conduct. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 philosophic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to philosophy, the rational investigation of the truths and principles of being, knowledge or conduct. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 philosophic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to philosophy, the rational investigation of the truths and principles of being, knowledge or conduct. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 philosophies:}{\f0  the rational investigations of the truths and principles of being, knowledge or conduct. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 philosophy:}{\f0  the broad, general principles of a particular subject or field of activity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 philosophy:}{\f0  the love or pursuit of wisdom, or of knowledge of things and their causes, whether theoretical or practical. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 philosophy:}{\f0  the love or pursuit of wisdom, or of knowledge of things and their causes, whether theoretical or practical. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 philosophy:}{\f0  the love or pursuit of wisdom, or of knowledge of things and their causes, whether theoretical or practical. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 philosophy:}{\f0  the love or pursuit of wisdom, or of knowledge of things and their causes, whether theoretical or practical. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 philosophy:}{\f0  the love or pursuit of wisdom, or of knowledge of things and their causes, whether theoretical or practical. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phi-X-Epsilon:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phlebotomy:}{\f0  the act or practice of bloodletting as a therapeutic measure. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 phobia:}{\f0  an irrational, excessive and persistent fear of some particular thing or situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phobia:}{\f0  an irrational, excessive and persistent fear of some particular thing or situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phobia:}{\f0  an irrational, excessive and persistent fear of some particular thing or situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phobia:}{\f0  an irrational, excessive and persistent fear of some particular thing or situation. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenicia:}{\f0  an ancient region in the eastern Mediterranean Sea famous for its far-reaching trade. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenician:}{\f0  of or pertaining to an ancient region at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, famous for its far-reaching trade. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenician:}{\f0  of or pertaining to an ancient region in the eastern Mediterranean Sea famous for its far-reaching trade. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenician:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul Phoenicia: }{\f0 an ancient kingdom at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, famous for its far-reaching trade. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenician:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul Phoenicia: }{\f0 an ancient kingdom at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, famous for its far-reaching trade. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenician galley:}{\b\f0\ul  Phoenicia}{\f0  was an ancient region in the eastern Mediterranean Sea famous for its far-reaching trade. This trading was done by ships called }{\f0\ul galleys}{\f0  which w
ere long, low, usually single-decked ships propelled by oars and sails. The oars were usually manned by chained slaves or convicts. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenicians:}{\f0  natives of }{\f0\ul Phoenicia: }{\f0 an ancient region at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, famous for its far-reaching trade. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Phoenician tin ship line:}{\f0 
 the line of trade whereby ships from Phoenicia, the ancient region in the eastern Mediterranean Sea famous for its far-reaching trade, sailed to Britain to acquire tin in exchange for products from other regions. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Phoenician tin ship line: }{\f0 
the line of trade whereby ships from Phoenicia, the ancient region in the eastern Mediterranean Sea famous for its far-reaching trade, sailed to Britain to acquire tin in exchange for products from other regions. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenician tin ship line: }{\f0 the line of trade whereby ships from Phoenicia, the ancient region in the eastern Mediterranean Sea famous for its far-reaching trade, sailed to Britain to acquire tin in exchange for products from other regions.  
\emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  an abbreviated term for the Dianetics organization located in Phoenix, Arizona in the 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-7}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:***}{\f0  capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR7 Film Glossary}{\f0  (app. 15 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  }{\b\f0 ***}{\f0 capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 7, Upper Indoc TRs Film Glossary}{\f0  - Approved 14-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  reference to the Dianetics organization located in Phoenix, Arizona in the 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States and location of a Scientology organization in the 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. Phoenix is in Maricopa County which is bordered by five other counties: Yavapai, Gila, Pinal, Pima and Yuma. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix, Arizona:}{\f0  capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix, Arizona:}{\f0  the capital city of the state of Arizona in the western United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix Congress:}{\f0  the International Congress of Dianeticists and Scientologists, held by LRH in Phoenix, Arizona from 28 - 31 December 1953. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix lectures:}{\f0  reference to the 6 January 1955 lecture of the 9th Advanced Clinical Course, \ldblquote Exteriorization.\rdblquote 
 In this lecture, LRH covered the fact that the reason an electric motor works is because the base of the motor keeps the positive and negative poles stretched apart. For more information, see the }{\f0\ul Solution to Entrapment}{\f0  (9th ACC) l
ectures by L. Ron Hubbard. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul ACC}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Phoenix Psychological Institute:}{\f0  reference to the Psychological Research Foundation, a squirrel group which operated in the early 1950s in Phoenix, Arizona. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phoneticized: }{\f0 represented or spelled as they would sound when spoken, using symbols to show pronunciation. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 phony:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  not genuine; false, counterfeit, insincere, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phony:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  not genuine; false, counterfeit, insincere, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 phony:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 not genuine; false, counterfeit, insincere, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phony as a seven-pound note:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 very false indeed; not remotely genuine. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul phony as a three-dollar bill.}{\f0 
 Neither the seven-pound note nor the three-dollar bill have ever been in circulation as valid currency. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phooey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation indicating rejection, contempt or disgust. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phooey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation indicating rejection, contempt or disgust. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 photoelectric:}{\f0  of or pertaining to a device that produces or increases the strength of an electric current when light shines on it. These are used for example in automatic control systems for doors, lighting, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 photoflood 2:}{\f0  a type of lamp used in studio photography. The \ldblquote 2\rdblquote  designates a 500-watt lamp (\ldblquote photoflood 1\rdblquote  being a lamp of 250 watts). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 photolithoed:}{\f0  produced by means of photolithography, the art or process of producing a figure or image from a photograph on a flat, specially prepared stone or plate in such a way that it will absorb and print with special inks. \emdash }{
\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 photon:}{\f0  a unit of energy having both particle and wave behavior: It has no charge or mass but possesses momentum. The energy of light, X-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 
(app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 photon:}{\f0  a unit of energy having both particle and wave behavior: it has no charge or mass but possesses momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 photon:}{\f0  a unit of energy having both particle and wave behavior: it has no charge or mass but possesses momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 photon:}{\f0 
 a unit of energy having both particle and wave behavior: it has no charge or mass but possesses momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 photon:}{\f0 
 a unit of energy having both particle and wave behavior: it has no charge or mass but possesses momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 photon:}{\f0  a unit of energy having both particle and wave behavior: it has no charge or mass but possesses momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 photon:}{\f0  a unit of energy having both particle and wave behavior: it has no charge or mass but possesses momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 photon:}{\f0  a unit of energy having both particle and wave behavior: it has no charge or mass but possesses momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Photon Converter: }{\f0 an early organism, such as algae or plankton, which takes its living from photons from the sun and minerals from the sea. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 photon converters:}{\f0  algae and plankton, which take their living from photons (units of energy having both particle and wave behavior: the energy of light is carried by photons) from the sun and minerals from the sea.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 photons:}{\f0  units of energy having both particle and wave behavior: photons have no charge or mass but possess momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 photons:}{\f0  units of energy having both particle and wave behavior: they have no charge or mass but possess momentum. The energy of light, X-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 photons:}{\f0  units of energy having both particle and wave behavior: they have no charge or mass but possess momentum. The energy of light, x-rays, gamma rays, etc., is carried by photons. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Photo Shoot Org:}{\f0  an organization in the Office of LRH, at the time of this lecture, that produced tapes, films, video and artistic dissemination products such as brochures, etc.}{\f0\ul  \emdash NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 photosynthesis:}{\f0  the process by which green plants use sunlight to convert carbon dioxide (taken from the air) and water into complex substances. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 photo timers: }{\f0 clocks or timers of the type used in photographic work to measure or indicate precise periods of time. Such a timer has a big button on top which is pushed to start or stop the timer. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #17, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phraseology:}{\f0  choice and pattern of words; way of speaking or writing. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 phrenologist:}{\f0  a person engaged in }{\f0\ul phrenology, }{\f0 the practice of reading character from the shape of the skull. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phrenologist:}{\f0  a person who practices phrenology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul phrenology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phrenologist:}{\f0  a person who practices }{\f0\ul phrenology,}{\f0  the practice of reading character from the shape of the skull. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 phrenology:}{\f0  the practice of reading character from the shape of the skull. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 phrenology:}{\f0  the practice of reading character from the shape of the skull. Used humorously in this lecture in reference to psychiatry and psychology. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 phrenology:}{\f0  the practice of studying character and mental capacity from the bumps on one's head. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 phrenology:}{\f0  the theory that the shape of the skull shows what sort of mind and character a person has. \'d1}{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Phrenology, The Rise and Fall of the Human Coco\rdblquote :}{\f0  a humorous, made-up name for the title of a book. }{\f0\ul Phrenology }{\f0 is the theory that t
he shape of the skull shows what sort of mind and character a person has, and }{\f0\ul coco }{\f0 is a slang term for \ldblquote head.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physical engineer:}{\f0 
 a person who is trained in the physical sciences (those that deal with inanimate matter or with energy, as physics, chemistry and astronomy) and applies this knowledge for practical uses, such as in the construction of bridges, buildings, mines, ships an
d chemical plants. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 physical universe:}{\f0  the material universe, which is made up of matter, energy, space and time. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physical universe:}{\f0  the material universe, which is made up of matter, energy, space and time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 physical universe:}{\f0  the material universe, which is made up of matter, energy, space and time. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 physical universe:}{\f0  the material universe, which is made up of matter, energy, space and time. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physical universe: }{\f0 the universe of matter, energy, space and time. It would be the universe of the planets, their rocks, rivers and oceans, the universe of stars and galaxies, the universe of burning suns and time. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul physical universe: }{\f0 the universe of matter, energy, space and time. It would be the universe of the planets, their rocks, rivers and oceans, the universe of stars and galaxies, the universe of burning suns and time. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul physical universe: }{\f0 the universe of matter, energy, space and time. It would be the universe of the planets, their rocks, rivers and oceans, the universe of stars and galaxies, the universe of burning suns and time. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physical universe: }{\f0 the universe of matter, energy, space and time. It would be the universe of the planets, their rocks, rivers and oceans, the universe of stars and galaxies, the universe of burning suns and time. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote physician heal thyself\rdblquote :}{\f0 
 a biblical proverb meaning that people should take care of their own defects and not just correct the faults of others. According to the gospels of Luke and Matthew, Jesus said he expected to hear this proverb from the people of his home town of Nazareth
, because they would want him to work miracles there, as he had in other towns nearby. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote physician heal thyself\rdblquote :}{\f0  a biblical proverb meaning that people should take 
care of their own defects and not just correct the faults of others. According to the gospels of Luke and Matthew, Jesus said he expected to hear this proverb from the people of his home town of Nazareth, because they would want him to work miracles there
, as he had in other towns nearby. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physicist: }{\f0 a scientist who specializes in physics. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  physics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physicist: }{\f0 a scientist who specializes in physics. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  physics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 physicist:}{\f0  a scientist who specializes in physics. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  physics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  a course of study teaching the subject of physics, the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science dealing with the properties, changes and interactions, etc., of matter and energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science dealing with the properties, changes and interactions, etc., of matter and energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science dealing with the properties, changes and interactions, etc., of matter and energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science dealing with the properties, changes and interactions, etc., of matter and energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physics: }{\f0 the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 physics: }{\f0 the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1
The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physics: }{\f0 the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physics: }{\f0 the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physics:}{\f0  the science which deals with relationships between matter and energy, including subjects such as mechanics, heat, light, sound, electricity, magnetism, radiation and atomic structure. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{
\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 physio-:}{\f0  a portion of a word meaning \ldblquote physical.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 physioelectrical:}{\f0  of or relating to the natural electrical flow of the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 physiological: }{\f0 having to do with the organic functions or processes in an organism or in any of its parts.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 physiological: }{\f0 having to do with the organic functions or processes in an organism or in any of its parts.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul physiological: }{\f0 having to do with the organic functions or processes in an organism or in any of its parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physiologically:}{\f0  in terms of or having to do with the organic functions or processes in an organism or in any of its parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physiologically:}{\f0  in terms of or having to do with the organic functions or processes in an organism or in any of its parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 physiology:}{\f0  the branch of biology dealing with the functions and activities of living organisms and their parts, including all physical and chemical processes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 physiology:}{\f0  the organic processes or functions of an organism or any of its parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 physique:}{\f0  physical or bodily structure, appearance or development. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pianola:}{\f0  a piano that can play automatically when the keys are actuated electronically or by a mechanical device. Used figuratively in this lecture to mean operating like this. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 pianola:}{\f0  a piano that can play automatically when the keys are actuated electronically or by a mechanical device. Used figuratively in this lecture to mean operating like this. }{\f0\ul 
Except this is so goddamn pianola and play-it-by-dropping-the-penny-in-the-machine and so forth that it's a damn bore\'d1as they are currently saying.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #9, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pianola:}{\f0  a type of case that runs very, very easily. The term comes from the name of a type of piano fitted with equipment that enables it to play automatically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pianola case:}{\f0  a case that is wide open, has sonic recall, visio recall and no pain shutoffs, which runs rapidly and well. The term comes from a type of piano fitted with equipment that enables it to play automatically. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pianola case:}{\f0  a case that is wide open, has sonic recall, visio recall and no pain shut-offs, which runs rapidly and well. The term comes from a type of piano fitted with equipment that enables it to play automatically. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Piazzi:}{\f0  Giuseppe Piazzi (1746 - 1826), It
alian astronomer. On January 1, 1801 he discovered the first asteroid (any of the many, very small planets that revolve about the sun mainly between the orbit of Mars and Jupiter) to which he gave the name of Ceres. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 picador:}{\f0  in bullfighting, any of the horsemen who weaken the neck muscles of the bull by pricking with a lance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Picasso: }{\f0 Pablo Picasso (1881 - 1973), Spanish painter and sculptor. Known as one of the foremost twentieth-century artists. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Picasso: }{\f0 Pablo Picasso (1881 - 1973), Spanish painter and sculptor. Known as one of the foremost twentieth-century artists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Picasso:}{\f0 
 Pablo Picasso (1881 - 1973), Spanish painter and sculptor of the twentieth century, the most famous and influential of all modern artists. Many of Picasso's works have been classified into various periods, such as his so-called blue period (1901 - 1904),
 characterized by paintings done of old men, mothers and children, and beggars, all done in predominantly blue tones. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Picasso:}{\f0  Pablo Picasso (1881 - 1973), Spanish painter and sculptor of the twentieth century; the most famous and influential of all modern artists. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Picasso:}{\f0  Pablo Picasso (1881 - 1973), Spanish painter and sculptor of the twentieth century; the most famous and influential of all modern artists. He co-founded a type of art called }{\f0\ul Cubism}{\f0  which 
sought to illustrate the concept that everything in nature can be reduced to the cube, the cone and the cylinder. Later works in this style entirely did away with any trace of realism in painting and sculpture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Picasso:}{\f0 *** Pablo Picasso (1881 - 1973), Spanish painter and sculptor of the twentieth century, the most famous and influential of all modern artists. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 Picasso's brown period:}{\f0  a humorously coined term for a chronological period into
 which many of Picasso's works have been classified, such as his so-called blue period, characterized by paintings done of old men, mothers and children, and beggars, all done in predominantly blue tones. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 piccadillied:}{\f0  a made-up term from }{\f0\ul piccadilly,}{\f0  a scalloped or pointed border or edge of a garment or part of a garment, as a collar. Used humorously with no meaning in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Piccadilly:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Piccadilly Circus, }{\f0 a traffic circle and open square in west London, England; theater and amusement center. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Piccadilly:}{\f0  the name of a street in London, England, a traditional center of fashionable shops, clubs and hotels. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Piccadilly Circus:}{\f0  a traffic circle and open square in western London, England: theater and amusement center. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Piccadilly Circus:}{\f0  a traffic circle and open square in western London, England: theater and amusement center. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Piccadilly Circus:}{\f0  a traffic circle and open square in west London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Piccadilly Circus:}{\f0  a traffic circle and open square in west London, England; theater and amusement center. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 piccolo:}{\f0  a small instrument of the flute family. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pi\'e8ce de r\'e9sistance: (French, }{\f0 literally, }{\f0\ul piece of resistance,}{\f0  meaning the \ldblquote substantial piece\rdblquote ) the showpiece of a collection; the outstanding item of a group; the prize piece or main exhibit. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul pi\'e8ce de r\'e9sistance: (French, }{\f0 literally, }{\f0\ul piece of resistance,}{\f0  meaning the \ldblquote 
substantial piece\rdblquote ) the showpiece of a collection; the outstanding item of a group; the prize piece or main exhibit. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Pickett's charge:}{\f0 
 a daring but unsuccessful charge led by Confederate George Pickett (1825 - 75) during the Battle of Gettysburg in which he lost about three quarters of his battalion. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Confederacy}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Gettysburg}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 pick it up:}{\f0  acquire knowledge by learning or experience. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pickled pigs' knuckles:}{\f0  the knee or hock joint of a pig, preserved or marinated in a brine (salt saturated water), vinegar or spicy solution. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pickled pigs' knuckles:}{\f0 *** the knee or hock joint of a pig, preserved or marinated in a brine (salt saturated water), vinegar or spicy solution. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pick (something) clean:}{\f0  get, steal or tear everything that can possibly be taken or separated from (something) so that it is left completely bare. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 picks up:}{\f0  accelerates; gains (speed). \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pick up:}{\f0  accelerate; gain (speed). \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pickup:}{\f0  a small device attached to the end of a phonograph tone arm that contains a stylus and the mechanism that translates the movement of the stylus in a record groove into a changing electrical voltage.\emdash }{\f0\ul 
Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 picnic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 an awkward adventure, an unpleasant experience, a troublesome job. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul picnic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 an awkward adventure, an unpleasant experience, a troublesome job. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 picnic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 an awkward adventure, an unpleasant experience, a troublesome job. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 picnic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 an awkward adventure, an unpleasant experience, a troublesome job. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 picnic: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an enjoyable experience or time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 picnic: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) an enjoyable experience or time, easy task, etc. \emdash The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 picnic: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an enjoyable experience or time. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 picnic: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an enjoyable experience or time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 picnic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a pleasant experience; an easy task. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 picture: }{\b\f0\ul See mental image picture}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 picture: }{\b\f0\ul See mental image picture}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 picture:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul mental image picture,}{\f0 
 a mental copy of one's perceptions some time in the past; three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. For example, if a person was in a
 car accident, he would retain \ldblquote pictures\rdblquote  of that experience in his mind, complete with recordings of the sights, physical sensations, smells, sounds, etc., that occurred during that incident. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{
\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 picture:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  mental image picture. See }{\b\f0\ul mental image picture}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 picture:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul mental image picture. See }{\b\f0\ul mental image picture}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 picture:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul mental image picture. See }{\b\f0\ul mental image picture}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pictures:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul mental image picture}{\f0 \'d1copies of the physical universe as it goes by; we call a mental image picture a facsimile when it is a \ldblquote photograph\rdblquote 
 of the physical universe sometime in the past. We call a mental image picture a mock-up when it is created by the thetan or for the thetan
 and does not consist of photographs of the physical universe. We call a mental image picture a hallucination, or more properly an automaticity (something uncontrolled), when it is created by another and seen by self. See also }{\b\f0 thetan }{\f0 
in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pictures:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  mental image pictures:}{\f0 
 mental copies of one's perceptions sometime in the past; three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. For example, if a person was in a car accident, he would ret
ain \ldblquote pictures\rdblquote  of that experience in his mind, complete with recordings of the sights, physical sensations, smells, sounds, etc., that occurred during that incident. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pictures:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  mental image pictures:}{\f0  mental copies of one's perceptions sometime in the past. For example, if a person was in a car accident, he would retain \ldblquote pictures\rdblquote 
 of that experience in his mind, complete with recordings of the sights, physical sensations, smells, sounds, etc., that occurred during that incident. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pictures:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  mental image pictures,}{\f0 
 mental copies of one's perceptions sometime in the past; three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. For example, if a person was in a car accident, he would ret
ain \ldblquote pictures\rdblquote  of that experience in his mind, complete with recordings of the sights, physical sensations, smells, sounds, etc., that occurred during that incident. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pictures:}{\f0  short for}{\f0\ul  mental image pictures,}{\f0 
 mental copies of one's perceptions sometime in the past; three-dimensional color pictures with sound and smell and all other perceptions, plus the conclusions or speculations of the individual. For example, if a person was in a car accident, he would ret
ain \ldblquote pictures\rdblquote  of that experience in his mind, complete with recordings of the sights, physical sensations, smells, sounds, etc., that occurred during that incident. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 piddleboofs:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 pidgin English:}{\f0 
 originally a form of Anglo-Chinese jargon which developed on the China coast from the 17th century as a consequence of contact with English traders and businessmen. It is essentially a form of basic English with some Chinese and additions from other lang
uages, but with certain Chinese constructions and a characteristic Chinese pronunciation. The word }{\f0\ul pidgin}{\f0  is a corruption of the word }{\f0\ul business.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #7, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 piece, of a:}{\f0  of the same sort; alike; consistent (with). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 piece, of a:}{\f0  of the same sort; alike; consistent (with). \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 piece of cake:}{\f0  something easily done. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, cuts (something) to:}{\f0  destroys or defeats (something) completely. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, cut to:}{\f0  destroyed or defeated completely. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul cut to ribbons.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, fell to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fell into a bad condition; became suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, fly to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fall into a bad condition, become suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, go all to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 fall apart; lose all self-control. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, goes to:}{\f0   }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  falls into a bad condition; becomes suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, goes to:}{\f0\ul  (colloquial)}{\f0  falls into a bad condition, becomes suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, goes to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  falls into a bad condition; becomes suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pieces, goes to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0 
 falls into a bad condition; especially (of a person) becomes suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pieces, going all to:}{\f0  losing control of oneself; becoming emotionally or physically upset. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, going to:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  falling into a bad condition, becoming suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, gone to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fallen into a bad condition; especially (of a person) to become suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, gone to:}{\f0  lost (his, her or its) strength, ability, etc.; collapsing. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, go to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fall into a bad condition, become suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, go to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fall into a bad condition, become suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, go to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  fall into a bad condition; especially (of a person) to become suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, half to:}{\f0  quite a bit. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 piece, spoke (one's):}{\f0  expressed (one's) opinions; revealed (one's) thoughts upon a subject. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, to:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 into an inoperational state. (2) to bits or fragments; apart. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, to:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 into an inoperational state. (2) to bits or fragments; apart. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 into an inoperational state. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, to:}{\f0  to bits or fragments; apart. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, to:}{\f0  to bits or fragments; apart. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, to:}{\f0  to bits or fragments; apart. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, went all to:}{\f0  lost control of oneself; became emotionally or physically upset. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, went to:}{\b\f0\ul  (colloquial)}{\f0  fell into a bad condition, became suddenly confused or distressed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pieces, went to:}{\f0  lost (his, her or its) strength, ability, etc.; collapsed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 piecework:}{\f0  work done and paid for by the piece. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 pied piper:}{\f0  reference to the }{\f0\ul Pied Piper of Hamelin,}{\f0 
 a character in a poem by Robert Browning, based on a German folk tale from the Middle Ages. The town of Hamelin is infested with rats, and the citizens hire a piper in multicolored (pied) clothing to lure the rats out with his charming music. The rats fo
llow the piper into the river and drown. When the townspeople refuse to pay the piper, he lures away all the children of the town.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pied Piper:}{\f0  reference to the }{\f0\ul Pied Piper of Hamelin,}{\f0 
 a character in a poem by Robert Browning, based on a German folk tale from the Middle Ages. The town of Hamelin is infested with rats, and the citizens hire a piper in multicolored (pied) clothing to lure the rats out with his charming music. The rats fo
llow the piper into the river and drown. When the townspeople refuse to pay the piper, he lures away all the children of the town. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pie, easy as:}{\f0  very easy; requiring no effort at all. Referring to the ease and enjoyment with which one would eat a good pie. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #18, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pie in the sky:}{\f0  an unrealistic wish or hope. \emdash }{\f0\ul A Dictionary of American Idioms }{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 pie in the sky:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  false promises of wonderful things to come\'d1at some future time. The phrase originated about 1905 in America when union organizers warned workers not to believe the promises of management, because 
\ldblquote You only get pie in the sky when you die.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pie in the sky:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  false promises of wonderful things to come\'d1at some future time. The phrase originated about 1905 in America when union organizers warned workers not to believe the promises of management, because 
\ldblquote You only get pie in the sky when you die.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pie in the sky:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  false promises of wonderful things to come\'d1at some future time. The phrase originated about 1905 in America when union organizers warned workers not to believe the promises of management, because 
\ldblquote You only get pie in the sky when you die.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pie in the sky: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  false promises of wonderful things to come\'d1at some future time. The phrase originated about 1905 in America when union organizers warned workers not to believe the promises of management, because, 
\ldblquote You only get pie in the sky when you die.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pie in the sky:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  false promises of wonderful things to come\'d1at some future time. The phrase originated about 1905 in America when union organizers warned workers not to believe the promises of management, because, 
\ldblquote You only get pie in the sky when you die.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pie-in-the-sky:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  having false promises of wonderful things to come\'d1at some future time. The phrase originated about 1905 in America when unio
n organizers warned workers not to believe the promises of management, because \ldblquote You only get pie in the sky when you die.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pie, keep one finger in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  be concerned in some way with a plan, arrangement, etc. A variation of }{\f0\ul have a finger in every pie.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91

\par }{\b\f0 pie, neat as:}{\f0  a coined phrase in the sense of }{\f0\ul apple-pie order}{\f0  (a condition of neatness, correctness and propriety) and }{\f0\ul neat as a pin}{\f0  (very neat; very tidy). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pie, neat as:}{\f0  a coined phrase in the sense of }{\f0\ul apple-pie order}{\f0  (a condition of neatness, correctness and propriety) and }{\f0\ul neat as a pin}{\f0  (very neat; very tidy). \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)

\par }{\b\f0 pie, putting his thumb in:}{\f0  an allusion to the nursery rhyme \ldblquote Little Jack Horner,\rdblquote 
 a tale of the dishonest dealings in the days of King Henry VIII of England (1509 - 1547) where a man by the name of John Horner, a steward of Glastonbury (town in southwest England) was sent to London with a pie for th
e king. Title deeds for several estates were baked into the pie. The greedy Horner stuck his thumb into the pie before he got to London, in other words, he stole the King's deeds. Papers were often baked in pies at this time. It was a favorite trick in th
e 1500s to hide surprises of all kinds in pies. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pies, have had a finger in so many:}{\f0  have been concerned in some way with a large number of different plans, arrangements, etc., at the same time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pies, have had a finger in so many:}{\f0  have been concerned in some way with a large number of different plans, arrangements, etc., at the same time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 piffle:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  an exclamation meaning \ldblquote nonsense.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pig-bullheaded:}{\f0 *** humorous combination of }{\f0\ul pigheaded }{\f0 and}{\f0\ul  bullheaded, }{\f0 both meaning blindly stubborn or obstinate. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pig, do unto others as thou shalt turn thy other:}{\f0  humorous alteration of the golden rule: \ldblquote Do unto others as you would have them do unto you,\rdblquote  and a command of Jesus: \ldblquote .\\t.\\t.\\
tbut whosoever shall smite (hit or strike) thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pig, do unto others as thou shalt turn thy other:}{\f0  humorous alteration of the Golden Rule: \ldblquote Do unto others as you would have them do unto you,\rdblquote  and a command of Jesus: \ldblquote 
...but whosoever shall smite (hit or strike) thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pig in a poke:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 something accepted or agreed to without careful examination; an unknown risk. From an old practice in England of pigs (three or four months old) being sold in a poke (a small bag). Sometimes a peasant would try to sell a runt or cat in the bag to an unwa
ry customer who didn't check to see what was in the bag. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pigs are more equal than others:}{\f0  a reference to }{\f0\ul Animal Farm,}{\f0  a satirical fable by George Orwell, some farm animals get tired o
f their servitude to man and start a revolution to run the farm as they want. They are betrayed, however, by their leaders, the pigs, into a worse servitude. The pigs' slogan is \ldblquote 
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.\rdblquote  The book is a satire on the development of the Russian revolution under Stalin. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pig's eye, in a:}{\f0  not at all; never. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pike, head on a:}{\f0  a person's head removed and put on a pike (a weapon formerly used by foot sol
diers consisting of a metal spearhead on a long wooden shaft). Used figuratively to mean an example of discipline. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pike, head on a:}{\f0  a person's head removed and put on a pike (a weapon formerly used by foot soldiers consisting of a metal spearhead on a long wooden shaft). Used figuratively to mean an example of discipline. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 piker:}{\f0  a user of a }{\f0\ul pike: }{\f0 a sharply pointed projection or spike. }{\f0\ul Piker }{\f0 is also a slang term for a person who does things in a small or cheap way. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 piker: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) a person who does anything in a contemptibly small or cheap way. Used figuratively. \emdash History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pike's Peak:}{\f0  a mountain in central Colorado. A peak of the Rocky Mountains (14,108 ft or 4300 m).\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pike's Peak:}{\f0  a mountain in central Colorado. A peak of the Rocky Mountains (14,108 ft or 4,300 m). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pilate, Pontius:}{\f0  first century a.d. Roman 
prosecutor who condemned Jesus to be crucified. According to the Bible he attempted to not be responsible for Jesus' death by publicly washing his hands and giving responsibility to a mob of people who were calling for Jesus' death. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pilate, Pontius:}{\f0 
 the governor of the Jews at the time of the crucifixion of Jesus (ca. a.d. 29); he was an official of the Roman Empire, to which the Jewish nation belonged at that time. According to the gospels, Pilate did not consider Jesus
 guilty and wanted to release him. Under pressure from the crowds in Jerusalem, however, Pilate sentenced Jesus to death on the cross, having first washed his hands as a symbol of getting rid of his responsibility for Jesus' fate. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pilate, Pontius:}{\f0 
 the governor of the Jews at the time of the crucifixion of Jesus (ca. a.d. 29); he was an official of the Roman Empire, to which the Jewish nation belonged at that time. According to the gospels, Pilate did not consider Jesus guil
ty and wanted to release him. Under pressure from the crowds in Jerusalem, however, Pilate sentenced Jesus to death on the cross, having first washed his hands as a symbol of getting rid of his responsibility for Jesus' fate. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 piled in:}{\f0  moved in a mass; crowded in. }{\f0\ul \emdash Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pile driver:}{\f0  a machine for driving piles (large, heavy beams or posts of timber, steel or concrete) into the ground; usually composed of a tall framework in which e
ither a weight is raised and dropped on a pile head or in which a steam hammer drives the pile. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 pile-up:}{\f0  a massive collision of several or many moving vehicles. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul Pilgrim's Progress:}{\f0  a novel written as an allegory by English author John Bunyan (1628 - 1688). The story is about the spiritual life of man. Christian, the central character, flees
 the City of Destruction and sets out for the Celestial City. Along the way he faces many obstacles, but is always able to get back onto the straight and narrow path that leads him to the Celestial City. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pill 62:}{\f0  made-up name for an imaginary pill. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pillars of Hercules:}{\f0  the opposite rocks at the entrance to the Mediterranean Sea, one in Spain (the Rock of Gibraltar) and one in Africa (Mount Hacho). The tale is that they were bound toge
ther until Hercules tore them asunder in order to get to Gades (now Cadiz, Spain). \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pilloried: }{\f0 exposed to ridicule, public contempt, scorn or abuse. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pilloried:}{\f0  held up to public ridicule or scorn. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pilots: }{\f0 preliminary or experimental trials or tests. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pilsudski:}{\f0  Joseph Pilsudski (1867 - 1935), Polish general and statesman. He was the absolute dictator
 of Poland from 1920 to 1921, when the Polish constitution was drafted and accepted by the Polish parliament. Thereafter, he became the minister of war, from which position he was virtual dictator. In 1926, Pilsudski became the premier of Poland and retai
ned his position as minister of war and commander in chief of the army, thereby absolutely controlling Polish policies until his death. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Webster's Biographical Dictionary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pilsudski, General:}{\f0  J\'f3zef Pilsudski (
1867 - 1935), Polish soldier and politician. He spent the first part of his life in two overlapping causes, revolutionary socialism and freeing what was then Russian Poland from czarist rule. He fought for Austria against Russia in World War I after which
 he was made head of state (1919) and played a prominent part in the battles, political as well as military, by which Poland's frontiers were determined. Having refused the presidency (1922), he lived in retirement until 1926 when he carried out a }{
\f0\ul coup d'\'e9tat }{\f0 to put his friend in as president. As a result, he exercised almost dictatorial power through the president for the rest of his life. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Piltdown Man:}{\f0 
 refers to fossils discovered in England in an area called Piltdown Common between 1908 and 1915. The skull reportedly found had characteristics of modern man but jaws that resembled an ape. The Piltdown discovery was later found to be a hoax. \emdash }{
\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pimlico:}{\f0 *** a famous horse racing track in Maryland. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Pimlico:}{\f0  a famous horse racing track in Maryland, a state in the eastern United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of a meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0 *** one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990

\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  one of the two slender posts near the base and on either side of the E-Meter needle. These pins act to stop the extreme left or right motion of the needle. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul electrometer }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pin:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul safety pin}{\f0 . A pin that prevents the premature or accidental detonation (act of exploding) of a bomb, grenade or other explosive. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pinaner:}{\f0  a coined word meaning }{\f0\ul piano.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pinaner:}{\f0  a made-up word meaning }{\f0\ul piano.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pinball:}{\f0 
 a game played on a slanted board in which a ball or marble is hit with a hammer on a spring so that it rolls up a groove, then down the board, striking bumpers, pins or pegs, or rolling into numbered compartments or through alleys to score points. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pinball:}{\f0  a game that consists of a glass-topped cabinet in which small balls are propelled across a slanting sur
face among an arrangement of pins and targets. Each contact between ball and target scores a number of points indicated by a system of electric lights. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pinball:}{\f0 
 any of various games played on a sloping, glass-topped table presenting a field of colorful, knoblike target pins and rails, the object usually being to shoot a ball, driven by a spring, up a side passage and cause it to roll back down against these proj
ections and through channels, which electrically flash or ring and record the score. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pinballs:}{\f0 
 of or pertaining to any of various games played on a sloping, glass-topped table presenting a field of colorful, knoblike target pins and rails, the object usually being to shoot a ball, driven by a spring, up a side passage and cause it to roll back dow
n against these projections and through channels, which electrically flash or ring and record the score. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pince-nez:}{\f0  a pair of glasses held on the face by a spring that grips the nose. It is a French term and literally means \ldblquote pinches nose.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pinch, in a:}{\f0  if necessary; if need be. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pin-down:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 the quality or condition of being made immobile. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pineal:}{\f0  a small, somewhat conical structure in the brain. It secretes various chemical substances and appears to function in various animals as a light-sensing organ, as a biological clock, or a 
ductless gland whose secretions regulate the activity of sex glands. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pineal:}{\f0 
 a small, somewhat conical structure in the brain. It secretes various chemical substances and appears to function in various animals as a light-sensing organ, as a biological clock, or a ductless gland whose secretions regulate the activity of sex glands
. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pineal:}{\f0  a small, somewhat conical structure in the brain. It secretes various chemical substances and a
ppears to function in various animals as a light-sensing organ, as a biological clock, or a ductless gland (endocrine gland) whose secretions regulate the activity of sex glands. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pineal:}{\f0 
 a small, somewhat conical structure in the brain. It secretes various chemical substances and appears to function in various animals as a light-sensing organ, as a biological clock, or a ductless gland (endocrine gland) whose secretions regulate the acti
vity of sex glands. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pined:}{\f0  felt an intense longing. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 pine tar:}{\f0  a thick, dark liquid obtained by destructive distillation (decomposition by heat in the absence of air) of pine wood, used in ointments, tar paints, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ping pan orchestra:}{\f0  a coined term for a group of children in nursery school striking rhythm and percussion instruments in imitation of a musical band or group. }{\f0\ul Ping }{\f0 means an abrupt ringing sound such as that made by a 
rifle bullet in flying through the air, the ringing of an electric bell, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ping-Pong:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a table tennis game. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 pink alligators: }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul pink elephants,}{\f0  any of various visual hallucinations seen by someone drunk or delirious. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pinkerton:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US slang) }{\f0 a private detective, especially one employed by the company founded by Allan Pinkerton (1819 - 1884), an American detective born in Scotland. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pink Panthers:}{\f0  a play on words for the }{\f0\ul Black Panthers,}{\f0 
 members of a militant black American organization (Black Panther party) active especially in the late 1960s and early 1970s, formed for the advancement of the rights of blacks, often by radical means. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 pink slip:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a notice to an employee of termination of employment. From the earlier use of pink paper for the employee's carbon of the dismissal notice. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 pink slip:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a notice to an employee of termination of employment. From the earlier use of pink paper for the employee's carbon of the dismissal notice. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pink slip:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a notice to an employee of termination of employment. From the use of pink paper for the employee's carbon copy of the dismissal notice. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pinnacle:}{\f0  a high peak or point of rock. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 pinnacle: }{\f0 the highest point. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pinning (someone) down:}{\f0  binding or holding (someone) to a course of action, a promise, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pinning (someone) down:}{\f0  making (someone) immobile. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pins: }{\f0 pegs used for fastening or holding things together. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pins: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) legs. The phrase \ldblquote off of his pins\rdblquote  literally would mean a condition of having had one's legs knocked out from under him. Figuratively, it means not faring well or in poor form. \emdash 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0 from }{\f0\ul Dictionary of American Slang, Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pins:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 the legs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pins:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 the legs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pins:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 the legs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pin (someone) down:}{\f0  get (someone) to commit himself as to his opinion, plans, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pin (something) down:}{\f0  determine or prove the truth of (a fact, details, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pint:}{\f0  a pint-measure pot or drinking vessel full of beer, ale or other beverage. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pint-sized: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  comparatively small in size. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 000aaaaa}{\b\f0\ul PIO - POD}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 .5:}{\f0  the numerical designation for }{\f0\ul grief }{\f0 on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 P-99 Interceptor:}{\f0  a made-up name for an interceptor (a fast climbing military airplane used in fighting off enemy air attacks) having a designation of P-99. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pious:}{\f0  seemingly virtuous; affecting virtue hypocritically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pipe:}{\f0  certainty; as in }{\f0\ul it's a pipe}{\f0 . Perhaps a contraction of }{\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch}{\f0 
, an absolute certainty, but possibly derived from }{\f0\ul pipe dream}{\f0 , any fantastic notion, hope or story, originally from the opium pipe, which makes all things seem easy. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pipe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something regarded as easy to accomplish. From }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: }{\f0 
a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a Midwestern and Western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped und
er the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pipe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something regarded as easy to accomplish. From }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: }{\f0 a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a Midwestern and Western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) t
he sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was
 cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pipe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something regarded as easy to accomplish. From }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: }{\f0 a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0  refers to a midwestern and wester
n US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned lik
e a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pipe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something regarded as easy to accomplish. From }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: }{\f0 a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch}{\f0  in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  \emdash 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pipe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something regarded as easy to accomplish. From }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: }{\f0 a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a Midwestern and Western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead). For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-cal
led lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly. Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul pipe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something regarded as easy to accomplish. From }{\b\f0\ul lead-pipe cinch: }{\f0 a doubly sure or doubly easy thing. }{\f0\ul Lead pipe}{\f0 
 refers to a Midwestern and Western US form of galvanized iron pipe (which looks as if it were lead)
. For saddling and cinching (fixing a saddle securely) the sort of horse that expands its belly, a short length of this so-called lead pipe was slipped under the saddle strap and turned like a tourniquet, the work assisted by a few knee jabs in the belly.
 Thus the horse was forced to deflate and the saddle was cinched tight, that horse now being double (lead-pipe) cinched. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pipe-clayed:}{\f0  whitened with pipe clay, a fine, white clay used for making tobacco pipes, whitening parts of military or other dress, etc\emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{
\f0 .
\par }{\b\f0 pipe dream: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) a fantastic idea or vain hope, such as an opium smoker might have.--Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 Piper Cub:}{\f0  a light, two-seat, propeller-driven, high-wing  monoplane manufactured by the Piper Aircraft Corporation. }{\f0\ul High-wing}{\f0  means its wings are mounted at the top surface of the body of the plane, and }{\f0\ul monoplane}{
\f0  means it has just one pair of wings. The Cub was Piper's initial production type, starting in 1937. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pipe wrench:}{\f0  a tool having two toothed jaws, one fixed and the other free to grip pipes and other tubular objects when the tool is turned in one direction only. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pipsqueak: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  small or insignificant. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pipsqueak:}{\f0  small or insignificant. Often used contemptuously. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pique: }{\f0 a feeling of irritation or resentment, as from a wound to pride or self-esteem. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 pique:}{\f0  a fit of displeasure. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 pish:}{\f0  an exclamation of disgust or impatience. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pish-pash: }{\b\f0\ul (interjection)}{\f0  an exclamation of mild contempt or impatience. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pishtash:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul pish,}{\f0  an exclamation expressing contempt, impatience or disgust. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pish-tush:}{\f0  a coined term for a contemptuous or impatient exclamation or outcry; from }{\f0\ul pish,}{\f0  an exclamation expressing contempt, impatience or disgust and }{\f0\ul tush, }{\f0 a scoffing or expression of impatience. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pish-tush:}{\f0  a coined term for a contemptuous or impatient exclamation or outcry; from }{\f0\ul pish,}{\f0  an exclamation expressing contempt, impatience or disgust and }{\f0\ul tush, }{\f0 a scoffing or expression of impatience. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, as live as a:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  }{\f0 which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a question which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol-hot:}{\f0  a shortened form of \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #12, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pistol-hot:}{\f0  very hot; red-hot. A variation of the expression }{\f0\ul hotter than a two-dollar pistol. See also }{\b\f0\ul pistol, hotter than a }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hot as a:}{\f0  a variation of \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and
 blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a question which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pistol, hot as a:}{\f0  a variation of \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in this lecture in reference to significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul hotter than a two-dollar pistol,}{\f0  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a question which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul hotter than a two-dollar pistol,}{\f0  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  because it is so cheaply made 
that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the auditing demonstration in reference to questions which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a question which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a question which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a question which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to questions which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a list which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to questions which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and bl
ows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to questions which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a button which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a goal which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reaction on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  beca
use it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the lecture in reference to a chain which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. In this lecture, }{\f0\ul hot }{\f0 is used to mean \ldblquote performing extremely well.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. In this lecture, }{\f0\ul hot }{\f0 is used to mean \ldblquote performing extremely well.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up a
nd blows off a hand. In this lecture, }{\f0\ul hot }{\f0 is used to mean \ldblquote performing extremely well.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. In this lecture, }{\f0\ul hot }{\f0 is used to mean \ldblquote lively; filled with energy and activity.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote  which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. The expression is used in the auditing demonstration in reference to questions which gave significant or \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  reactions on the E-Meter. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote 
 which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. As used in this lecture, }{\f0\ul hot}{\f0  means \ldblquote very skillful.\rdblquote   \emdash }
{\f0\ul Class VIII #11, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  short for \ldblquote hotter than a two-dollar pistol,\rdblquote 
 which means very hot; red-hot. A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote  because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. In this lecture, }{\f0\ul hot }{\f0 is used to mean \ldblquote performing extremely well.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, hotter than a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 very hot; red-hot. From the phrase }{\f0\ul hotter than a two-dollar pistol.}{\f0  A two-dollar pistol is \ldblquote hot\rdblquote 
 because it is so cheaply made that it usually blows up and blows off a hand. In this lecture, }{\f0\ul hot }{\f0 is used to mean \ldblquote performing extremely well.\rdblquote  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pistol, sharper than a:}{\f0  mentally alert; quick thinking; smart; wise; in the know. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:***}{\f0  act or manner of expressing in a particular style or at a particular level. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 pitch: }{\f0 comparative height or intensity of any quality or attribute; point or position on an ideal scale; degree, elevation, stage, status, level. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 a position taken up and maintained; a fixed opinion or resolution. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a line of talk, such as a salesman uses to persuade customers. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a line of talk, such as a salesman uses to persuade customers. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a line of talk, such as a salesman uses to persuade customers. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:}{\f0   }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  of or having to do with a line of talk, such as a salesman uses to persuade customers. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  of or having to do with a line of talk, such as a salesman uses to persuade customers. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  talk, chat. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch:}{\f0  that quality of a tone or sound determined by the frequency of vibration of the sound waves reaching the ear: the greater the frequency, the higher the pitch. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pitch: }{\b\f0\ul (US slang)}{\f0  a talk, argument, offer, plan, etc., used to persuade, as in selling, or to promote an idea, product, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pitch: }{\b\f0\ul (US slang)}{\f0  a talk, argument, offer, plan, etc., used to persuade, as in selling, or to promote an idea, product, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitched:}{\f0  fell or plunged headlong. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 pitched battle:}{\f0  a battle, especially a major battle, with troops properly arranged and tactics planned on both sides. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitches, gets right in there and:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  makes an effort; works diligently; does not let oneself be defeated. A variation of }{\f0\ul in there pitching}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch, get in there and:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  make an effort; work diligently; refuse to be defeated. A variation of }{\f0\ul in there pitching}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch, get in there and:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  make an effort; work diligently; refuse to be defeated. A variation of }{\f0\ul in there pitching}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch, get in there and:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  make an effort; work diligently; refuse to be defeated. A variation of }{\f0\ul in there pitching.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pitch, get in there and:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  put forth one's best efforts; work hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch, get in there and:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  put forth one's best efforts; work hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pitch, get out there and:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  make an effort; work diligently; refuse to be defeated. A variation of }{\f0\ul in there pitching}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pitch, go on in and:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  put forth one's best efforts; work hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitch in: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  set to work energetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pitch in: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  set to work energetically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul pitching:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul in there pitching,}{\f0  making an effort; working diligently; refusing to be defeated. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pitching:}{\f0  the up and down motion of a vessel that occurs when it is sailing at right angles to the waves of a heavy sea. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, getting in there and:}{\f0  working hard and enthusiastically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  working hard and enthusiastically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 working hard and enthusiastically. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 working hard and enthusiastically. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5, 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  making an effort; working diligently; refusing to be defeated. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  making an effort; working diligently; refusing to be defeated. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  making an effort; working diligently; refusing to be defeated. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  making an effort; working diligently; refusing to be defeated. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitching, in there:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  putting forth one's best efforts; working hard, busily or steadily. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pitfalls:}{\f0  traps or hidden dangers. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pitman:}{\f0 
 Sir Isaac Pitman (1813 - 1879), English inventor who developed a system of shorthand for the purpose of speeding up handwriting. Pitman introduced his system in 1837 which he based on the representation of sound by symbols. He divided the English languag
e into light sounds (represented by light strokes) and heavy sounds (represented by shaded or heavy strokes).  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pits: }{\b\f0\ul (Racing) the area at the side of a race track for servicing and refueling vehicles. \emdash The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Pittsburgh:}{\f0  a city and leading industrial center in southern Pennsylvania known for its steel mills, coal fields, petroleum and natural gas. The city earned the nickname \ldblquote The Smoky City\rdblquote 
 due to the smoke-spewing factories that stretch for many miles along the river banks. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pittsburgh:}{\f0  a city and leading industrial center in southern Pennsylvania known for its steel mills, coal fields, petroleum and natural gas. The city earned the nickname \ldblquote The Smoky City\rdblquote 
 due to the smoke-spewing factories that stretch for many miles along the river banks. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pittsburgh:}{\f0  city in southwest Pennsylvania. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pittsquealer:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pitt, William:}{\f0  (1708 - 1778) English political leader who opposed independence for the American colonies. Pitt was noted as a great orator. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pitt, William:}{\f0 *** (1708 - 1778) English political leader who opposed independence for the American colonies. Pitt was noted as a great orator. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pituitary:}{\f0  a small roundish organ at the base of the brain which produces various special substances which influence the growth and development of the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul pituitary gland:}{\f0  a small roundish organ at the base of the brain which produces various special substances which influence the growth and development of the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pituitrin:}{\f0  the various substances secreted by the pituitary gland, located at the base of the brain, which have important influences on growth and bodily functions. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pity sakes, for: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 an exclamation used to show surprise, crossness or impatience. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pivot:}{\f0  a person or thing on or around which something turns or depends, etc.; central point. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pixie, Czar:}{\f0  a made-up name for a czar. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Pizarro:}{\f0  Francisco Pizarro (1474 - 1541), a Spanish conquistador of the sixteenth century, who set out on an expedition to colonize Peru for Spain. In 1531, he and his two partners landed in Peru with a
bout 180 men, some cannons and horses. The Incas (rulers of a vast empire in South America) had a civilization wealthy in gold, silver and other natural resources, though no draft animals. They were, however, already divided by a civil war when Pizarro ar
rived and so he easily defeated the army of Atahualpa, the Inca ruler. Pizzaro took Atahualpa as prisoner and demanded a huge ransom for him. The Incas began filling a room with gold to get their leader back. But instead of freeing him, Pizarro had Atahua
lpa strangled and took Peru. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PL: }{\f0 abbreviation for Policy Letter. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul HCO Policy Letter}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 PL: }{\f0 abbreviation for Policy Letter. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul HCO Policy Letter}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 PL:***}{\f0  abbreviation for Policy Letter. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul HCO Policy Letter}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 placate:}{\f0  stop from being angry; appease; pacify; mollify. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 place:}{\f0  a definite location. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 place, in the first:}{\f0  first; before anything else. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 placenta:}{\f0  an organ that develops in the womb during pregnancy and supplies the fetus with nourishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 placenta:}{\f0  an organ within the uterus via which the fetus receives nourishment as it is developing and which is discharged shortly after birth. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 plague: }{\f0 annoy or bother. \'d1}{\f0\ul Scott Foresman Advanced Dictionary}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 plague: }{\f0 trouble, annoy or torment in any manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 plagues:}{\f0  contagious epidemic diseases that are deadly. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 plainsman:}{\f0  an inhabitant of the plains, especially the Great Plains (the sloping region of valleys and plains in west central North America). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Plains of Abraham:}{\f0  a high plain adjoining the city of Quebec, Canada. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Quebec}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plaint:}{\f0  a complaint. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plaintiff:}{\f0  a person who brings a suit into a court of law; complainant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plaintive:}{\f0  mournful; sad. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Planck:}{\f0  Max Planck (1858 - 1947), German physicist. Originated and developed the }{\f0\ul quantum theory: }{\f0 the t
heory that energy, such as light, is not given off or absorbed in a continuous flow but in a series of small, separate bits, each bit being an amount of energy called a \ldblquote quantum.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Planck:}{\f0  Max Planck (1858 - 1947), German physicist. Originated and developed the quantum theory. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul quantum theory }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Planck:}{\f0  Max Planck (1858 - 1947), German physicist. Originated and developed the Quantum Theory (the theory that energy, such as 
light, is not given off or absorbed in a continuous flow but in a series of small, separate bits, each bit being an amount of energy called a quantum). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul quantum }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 quantum mechanics}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 plane:}{\f0  a level of development, achievement, existence, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 plane of vision:}{\f0  area of sight. In this lecture, the word }{\f0\ul plane}{\f0  is used to indicate the area that a person is actually seeing. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 planes:}{\f0 *** flat or level surfaces. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 planet builder: }{\f0 of or having to do with }{\f0\ul planet builders, }{\f0 
thetans who built planets, put suns together, etc., about three hundred trillion years ago. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plankton:}{\f0  the small animal and plant organisms that float or drift in water, especially at or near the surface. Plankton serves as an important source of food for larger animals, such as fish. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plankton:}{\f0  the small animal and plant organisms that float or drift in water, especially at or near the surface. Plankton serves as an important source of food for larger animals, such as fish. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plans Chief:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 
(1968 Flag ship org board) the head of Dept 4 of the Preparation and Planning Division who was responsible for the development of ideas and plans for profitable operation, all ship's plans, drawings, key maps, charts, planning reference book lib
rary, all notes, sketches and copies of plans, completeness of details and requirement, intelligence and evaluation activity of them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plant: }{\f0 a person placed secretly in a group or organization, to obtain internal or secret information, stir up discontent, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Plantagenet:}{\f0  a member of the royal house that ruled England from the accession of Henry II in 1154 to the death of Richard III in 1485. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Yea-and-Nay}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 planted:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  placed surreptitiously (in a secret, stealthy way) where it is certain to be found or discovered. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 planted:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  placed surreptitiously (in a secret, stealthy way) where it is certain to be found or discovered. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 plan view:}{\f0 *** the appearance of an object as seen from above. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 plastered:}{\f0  fastened or applied tightly to another surface. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plaster-of-Paris:}{\f0  like }{\f0\ul plaster of Paris: }{\f0 
a thick paste of gypsum (a calcium mineral in crystal or chalky form) and water that hardens quickly and is used to make statues, casts for broken bones, etc., so called because it is prepared from the gypsums of Montmartre (a hilly section in the north p
art of Paris, France). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plastic:}{\f0  pliable; impressionable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plastically:}{\f0  flexibly; impressionably. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plasticine:}{\f0  a brand name for a synthetic material used as a substitute for clay or wax in modeling.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plate: }{\f0 a smooth or polished plate of metal, etc., bearing a name or inscription, for affixing to anything. Plates commemorating well-known persons associated with a college are sometimes placed on the outside of the buildings.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plate: }{\f0 a thin, flat sheet or piece of metal or other materials, especially of uniform thickness. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 plate:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (photography)}{\f0  a sheet of glass, metal, etc., coated with a film sensitive to light, upon which the image is formed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 plateau:}{\f0  a period, level, etc., that is relatively stable or during which there is little change.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plate, clean (something) off of (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 make (something) no longer a matter of one's responsibility and concern. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plated:}{\f0  overlaid with plates, as of metal, for protection or ornament. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plate, had 150 items on the:}{\f0  had a lot of items that needed one's attention or for which one was responsible. }{\f0\ul I had l50 items on the plate at the moment.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #13, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plate, put it over the:}{\f0 *** figuratively, to be on the mark or very effective. The phrase comes from the game of baseball, in which one player (called the pitcher) throws a ball toward a man with a bat (called the batter) across the }{\f0\ul 
plate}{\f0 \'d1a hard rubber slab on the ground which the batter stands beside. A good pitch must be thrown in a zone directly over the plate; thus to \ldblquote put it over the plate\rdblquote  means to throw an accurate pitch. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 plates:}{\f0  steel sheets used in the construction of a ship, forming the sides and decks. \'d1}{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 plates:}{\f0  thin, flat pieces of metal on which an engraving is, or is to be, cut. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 platform:}{\f0  a statement of principles and policies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 platform:}{\f0  a statement of principles and policies.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 platina:}{\f0  a made-up name for a body part. The word }{\f0\ul platina }{\f0 means platinum, especially as found naturally. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plating:}{\f0  coating with gold, tin, etc.\'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary, Student Edition.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 platitudes:}{\f0  flat, dull or trite remarks, especially those uttered as if they were fresh or profound. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Plato: }{\f0 (427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 
\'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., he founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote What is the human good?\rdblquote 
}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plato:}{\f0  (427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 
\'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., he founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote What is the human good?\rdblquote 
}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plato:}{\f0  (427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 
\'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., he founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote What is the human good?\rdblquote 
}{\f0  His philosophy later had a tremendous effect on Christianity. During the }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 
a.d. 200s in Rome, Plotinus (205? - 270?, Greek philosopher) developed a philosophy based on Plato's thought. This new version of Plato's philosophy known as }{\f0\ul Neoplatonism}{\f0 
 had impact on Christianity up to and during the Middle Ages. Plato remained influential until the 1200s and was again revived during the Renaissance. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plato:}{\f0  (c. 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.), Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {
\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote What is the human good?
\rdblquote }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Plato:}{\f0  (ca 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.), Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {
\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote What is the human good?
\rdblquote }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plato: }{\f0 (ca. 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {
\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote What is the human good?
\rdblquote }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Plato:}{\f0  (ca. 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }
}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plato:}{\f0  (ca. 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.), Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt 
{\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Plato:}{\f0  (ca. 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {
\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c. he founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote What is the human good?
\rdblquote }{\f0  Plato was an idealist who believed that one had to isolate oneself from life in an ivory tower in order to figure life out. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plato:}{\f0  (ca 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plato:}{\f0  (ca 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Plato-ize:}{\f0  a coined word meaning become or make like Plato (ca. 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }
{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c. he founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays
 covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote What is the human good?\rdblquote }{\f0  Plato was an idealist who believed that one had to isolate oneself from life in an ivory tower in order to figure life out. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Platoize:}{\f0  engage in practices similar to those of Plato. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Plato}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 platoon:}{\f0 
 a military unit composed of two or more squads or sections, normally under the command of a lieutenant: it is a subdivision of a company, troop, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 platoon:}{\f0  a small group of soldiers, part of a company, usually led by a lieutenant. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 platoon:}{\f0  literally, a military unit composed of two or more squads or sections, normally under the command of a lieutenant: it is a subdivision of a company, troop, etc. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{
\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Platos:}{\f0  persons similar to Plato (ca. 427 - 347 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c.) Greek philosopher and educator, born in Athens. In 387 }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 
\\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 b.c., he founded a school of philosophy known as the Academy which became the first university known in history. One of his essays covered the subject of individual ethics and the question }{\f0\ul \ldblquote 
What is the human good?\rdblquote }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 platter:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a phonograph record. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 platter: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) a phonograph record. \'d1Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 plausible: }{\f0 appearing true, reasonable or fair. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 played hooky:}{\f0  stayed away from school without permission. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 player piano:}{\f0  a piano fitted with an apparatus that enables it to play automatically; by \ldblquote reading\rdblquote  a specially coded perforated paper roll, the playing mechanism activates the piano's keys and plays the tune. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 player piano:}{\f0  a piano fitted with apparatus that enables it to play automatically; by \ldblquote reading\rdblquote  a specially coded perforated paper roll, the playing mechanism activates the piano's keys and plays the tune. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 player piano:}{\f0  a piano fitted with apparatus that enables it to play automatically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #12, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 play fast and loose:}{\f0  say one thing and do another. The allusion is probably to an old cheating game once practiced at fairs. A belt or strap was doubled and rolled up with the loop in the center and placed on edge on
 a table. The player then had to catch the loop with a skewer while the belt was unrolled, but this was done in such a way by the trickster as to make the feat impossible. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 play, go into:}{\f0  come into action or operation, become active. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 play hooky:}{\f0  stay away from school (or other activity) without permission. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 playing around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  doing something, especially one's job, casually or frivolously; behaving in a playful manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 playing ball:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 cooperating. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 playing (something) down:}{\f0  attaching little importance or giving little publicity to (something); minimizing (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 play (it) off:}{\f0  set (one person or thing) against another, usually for one's own gain or advantage. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 play (it) safe:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 choose a cautious line of behavior; avoid much risk. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 play off:}{\f0  pass off as something else; present or offer (something) under false pretenses. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 play rings around:}{\f0  surpass with great ease; beat easily. A variation of }{\f0\ul run rings around. \emdash PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plays hob:}{\f0  causes mischief; makes trouble; causes an upset; causes confusion, disruption or havoc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 plays hob with:}{\f0  does mischief or harm (to something). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 play sixty-four:}{\f0  a made-up name for a move or act in a game. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 play sixty-four:}{\f0  a maneuver, move or act in a game. In some sports, plays are given different numbers to differentiate them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 play (something) on the safe side of the cow pasture:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul play (something) safe,}{\f0  choose a cautious line of behavior; avoid much risk. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 play (something) on the safe side of the cow pasture:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul play (something) safe,}{\f0  choose a cautious line of behavior; avoid much risk. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 please, as you:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 please, as you:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very (used after words which limit, qualify or describe). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 please, as you:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  very (used after words which limit, qualify or describe). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 please, if you: }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  if it is your pleasure, will, desire or humor; if you like; if you wish. Used to express courtesy, politeness or emphasis. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pleasure:}{\f0  the reward of survival activity along any of the dynamics. Successes bring pleasure and survival. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plebe:}{\f0  a member of the freshman (first-year) class at the US Military Academy or Naval Academy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 plebe:}{\f0  a member of the freshman (first-year) class at the US Military Academy or Naval Academy. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plebeians:}{\f0  the common people. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plenitude:}{\f0  abundance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pliable:}{\f0  flexible; adjusting readily; adaptable. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plied:}{\f0 *** kept supplying (}{\f0\ul with }{\f0 gifts, food, drink, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 plight:}{\f0  a condition, state or situation, especially an unfavorable or unfortunate one. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Plimsoll mark: }{\f0 any of various lines marked on the
 sides of a cargo vessel to indicate the depth to which a vessel may be immersed under certain conditions. Named after Samuel Plimsoll who was a British politician who championed for better conditions for seaman. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pliny:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Pliny the Elder }{\f0 (Gaius Plinius Secundus }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f0 SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" }}{\fldrslt {\f0 \'b7}}}{\f0 
a.d. 23 - 79), Roman official and writer. He was brought up as an accomplished, well-educated soldier, administrator and naval commander. He is known to have practiced law, but is chiefly remembered for his interest in natural history. His }{\f0\ul 
Natural History}{\f0 
 is the most comprehensive account of its kind written in antiquity. It covers such subjects as astronomy, the cosmos, geography, the nature of man, the animal world, plants, agriculture, the use of herbs for medical purposes, painting, magic, etc. Althou
gh comprehensive, Pliny was careless in his use of sources and frequently credulous. His work nonetheless remained the standard encyclopedic compilation covering the different aspects of nature until the 17th century. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 plish and a plock: }{\f0 a made-up phrase rhyming with }{\f0\ul a tick and a tock. }{\f0 A }{\f0\ul plock }{\f0 
is a sharp click as of one hard object striking another. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ploppy:}{\f0  of or like the sound made by a smooth object dropping into water without splashing. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plot:}{\f0  a secret plan or scheme to accomplish some purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 plot: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul line plot,}{\f0  a record kept in the pc's folder to keep track of charged items found and the relationships between these various items in certain procedures dealing with goals. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul goal }{
\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 plot:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul line plot,}{\f0  a record kept in the pc's folder to keep track of charged items found and the relationships between these various items in certain procedures dealing with Goals-Problems-Masses. }{\f0\ul See also}{
\f0  }{\b\f0 GPM}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 plot:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul line plot,}{\f0  a record kept in the pc's folder to keep track of charged items found and the relationships between these various items in certain procedures dealing with Goals Problems Masses. }{\f0\ul See also}{
\f0  }{\b\f0 GPM}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plot:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul line plot}{\f0 .}{\b\f0  }{\b\f0\ul See also line plot}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 plot:}{\f0  the arrangement of the incidents in a play, novel, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Plotinus:}{\f0  (205 - 270) Roman philosopher who regarded that all existence consists of emanations from the One with whom the soul may be reunited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 plotted: }{\f0 located by means of coordinates, as on a chart or with data. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 plot thickens, the:}{\f0  the story becomes more complex or involved. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 plotting:}{\f0  marking the position or course of (a ship, etc.) on a map. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul plow around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  make tentative advances; feel one's way. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 plow around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  make tentative advances; feel one's way. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowed:}{\f0  embedded or buried in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul plowed in:}{\f0  became embedded or buried in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowed in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  destroyed; obliterated.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul plowed in:}{\f0  embedded or buried in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul plowed in:}{\f0  embedded or buried in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 plowed in:}{\f0  embedded or buried in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1, 8, 4, 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowed in:***}{\b\f0\ul  (figurative)}{\f0  overwhelmed (after the sense \ldblquote being buried with soil by plowing\rdblquote ). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 plowed in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  overwhelmed (after the sense \ldblquote being buried with soil by plowing\rdblquote ). \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 plowed into the ground:}{\b\f0\ul  (figurative)}{\f0  overwhelmed (after the sense \ldblquote being buried with soil by plowing\rdblquote ). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plowed (oneself) in:}{\f0  embedded or buried (oneself) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowed (oneself) in:}{\f0  embedded or buried (oneself) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowed up:}{\f0  broken up by plowing; thrown or cast up, eradicated with the plow; cut up roughly, excavated, furrowed or scratched deeply, by any similar action. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowers:}{\f0  people who advance laboriously. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 plow (himself) in:}{\f0  embed or bury (himself) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow in:}{\f0  become embedded or buried in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowing around:}{\f0  digging into and upsetting something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowing around: }{\f0 digging into and upsetting things. \'d1}{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 plowing around:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 digging into and upsetting things.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 plowing around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  making tentative advances; feeling one's way. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 plowing around on:}{\f0  digging into and upsetting. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowing around with:}{\f0  digging into and upsetting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plowing around with:}{\f0  digging into and upsetting. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowing on: }{\f0 moving forcefully through something in the manner of a plow. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowing (somebody) in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  overwhelming (somebody) (after the sense \ldblquote being buried with soil by plowing\rdblquote ). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowing (someone) in:}{\f0  embedding or burying (someone) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plowing up:}{\f0  breaking up by plowing; throwing or casting up, eradicating with the plow; cutting up roughly, excavating, furrowing or scratching deeply, by any similar action. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow (one) in:}{\f0  embed or bury (one) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow (one) in:}{\f0  embed or bury (one) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 plow (one) under:}{\f0  embed or bury (one) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 plowshare:}{\f0  the cutting blade of a plow. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 plow (someone) in:}{\f0  embed or bury (someone) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 plow (someone) in:}{\f0  overwhelm (someone), after the sense \ldblquote bury with soil by plowing.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow (someone) out:}{\f0  dig, thrust, root or tear (someone) out. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow (someone) through:}{\f0  push (someone) laboriously or doggedly through. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow (something) in:}{\f0  embed or bury (something) in the soil, as by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plow (something) in:}{\f0  embed or bury (something) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow (something) out:}{\f0  dig, thrust, root or tear (something) out. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul plows (someone) in:}{\f0  embeds or buries (someone) in the soil by plowing. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 plow the pigs under: }{\b\f0\ul plow under,}{\f0  reduce overproduction by plowing up (a crop). }{\f0\ul Plow the pigs under}{\f0  is humorously extending this idea to overproduction of animals. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 plow through:}{\f0  push laboriously or doggedly through. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow up:}{\f0 *** bring to the surface by or as if by plowing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 plow up:}{\f0  bring to the surface by or as if by plowing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plow up:}{\f0  bring to the surface by or as if by plowing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PLs: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 olicy }{\f0\ul L}{\f0 etters. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 HCO Policy Letters}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 PLs: }{\f0 abbreviation for Policy Letters. See also }{\b\f0 HCO Policy Letters}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 plugged hat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul plug hat: }{\f0 a man's high silk hat. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plugging:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  keeping on persistently or doggedly; laboring with pistonlike strokes against resistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plugging:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  keeping on persistently or doggedly; laboring with pistonlike strokes against resistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plugging:}{\b\f0\ul *** (slang)}{\f0  keeping on persistently or doggedly; laboring with pistonlike strokes against resistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 plugging:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  keeping on persistently or doggedly; laboring with pistonlike strokes against resistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 plugging:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  laboring with piston-like strokes against resistance. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plug hat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a man's high silk hat. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plug horse: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an old, worn-out horse. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 plug (something) out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  labor with piston-like strokes against resistance. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 plug (something) out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  labor with piston-like strokes against resistance. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 plumb:}{\f0  examine closely in order to discover or understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plumb bob: }{\f0 a lead weight hung at the end of a line, used to determine how deep water is or whether a wall, etc., is vertical. }{\f0\ul 
Those two-by-fours sometimes could be vertical and you measure it with a plumb bob because if they aren't vertical the wall will sag.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs in Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 plumbed:}{\f0  examined closely in order to discover or understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plumbed:}{\f0  examined closely in order to discover or understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 plumbers: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  medical doctors. From the use of }{\f0\ul plumbing}{\f0  as a slang term for the body's digestive tract and bowels.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #15, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plumbing:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the digestive track; the bowels.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plumbing into:}{\f0  examining closely in order to discover or understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plumbing into:}{\f0  examining closely in order to discover or understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plumbosis:}{\f0  a made-up name for a disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plume:}{\f0  a vertically or longitudinally moving, rising or expanding fluid body, as of smoke or water. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plummeted:}{\f0  fallen or dropped straight down. Used figuratively in this film. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plummeting:}{\f0  falling or dropping straight down. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 plunge:}{\f0  involve oneself deeply. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pluperfect:}{\f0  more than perfect; very excellent. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pluperfect:}{\f0  more than perfect; very excellent. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pluperfect: }{\f0 more than perfect; very excellent. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 plural:***}{\f0  a form of a word which indicates more than one person, place or thing is being talked about. \emdash }{
\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Plutarch's }{\b\f0\ul Lives:}{\f0  a book written by the Greek biographer Plutarch (46 - 120 a.d.) which contrasts the lives of a number of Greek and Roman statesmen and generals. The actual title of the book is }{\f0\ul Parallel Lives.}{\f0  
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Plutarch's }{\b\f0\ul Lives:}{\f0  a reference to a book written by the Greek biographer Plutarch (46 - 120 a.d.) which contrasts the lives of a number of Greek and Roman statesmen and generals. The actual title of the book is }{\f0\ul 
Parallel Lives.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pluton:}{\f0  a made-up term for a part of the nervous system. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plutonium:}{\f0  a radioactive chemical element, used in nuclear weapons and reactors. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plutonium:}{\f0  a radioactive chemical element, used in nuclear weapons and reactors. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul plutonium:}{\f0  a radioactive chemical element, used in nuclear weapons and reactors. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul plutonium:}{\f0  a radioactive chemical element, used in nuclear weapons and reactors. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plutonium: }{\f0 a radioactive chemical element, used in nuclear weapons and reactors.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 plutonium:}{\f0  a radioactive chemical element, used in nuclear weapons and reactors. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2, 3, 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 plutonium:}{\f0  a radioactive chemical element, used in nuclear weapons and reactors. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul plutons:}{\f0  a made-up term for a part of the nervous system. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pluto's realm: }{\b\f0\ul (Greek and Roman mythology)}{\f0  the world of the dead of which Pluto was the ruling god. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 PM:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rime }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 inister. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pneumatic:}{\f0  worked by compressed air. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pneumococcus: }{\f0 a bacterium that is a causative agent of pneumonia and of certain other diseases. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul pneumonia }{\f0 in this glossary. }{\f0\ul Has a shape of pneumococcus, but that's impossible.}{\f0  \emdash }{
\f0\ul TRs in Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pneumonia: }{\f0 inflammation of one or both lungs, caused by any of various agents, such as bacteria or viruses. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pneumonia: }{\f0 inflammation of one or both lungs, caused by any of various agents, such as bacteria or viruses. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pneumonia: }{\f0 inflammation of one or both lungs. \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs in Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pneumonia, double lumbar:}{\f0  a humorous term for an illness. }{\f0\ul Double pneumonia}{\f0  is that type of pneumonia affecting both lungs or both lobes of one lung. }{\f0\ul Lumbar}{\f0  means \ldblquote of or pertaining to the loins.
\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul pneumonia}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pneutyphoid ammonicoccus: }{\f0 a made-up name for a disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pnyx:}{\f0  the name of the public place of assembly in ancient Athens, a semicircular level cut out of the side of a little hill west of the Acropolis (the fortified upper part of Athens). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 PO: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 urchase }{\f0\ul o}{\f0 rder. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul purchase order }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul pobre:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Spanish)}{\f0  poor; needy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9, 18, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2, 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly-running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly-running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly-running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4, 9, 15, 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa-pocketa: }{\f0 an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly-running internal combustion engine. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pocketa-pocketa-pocketa-pocketa:}{\f0  an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pocketbook:}{\f0  a case, as of leather, for carrying money and papers in one's pocket; billfold. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pocketbooks:}{\f0  a book small enough to be carried in one's pocket. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pocomoco:}{\f0  a made-up word for something developed by Einstein. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Einsteinian }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pocomoco:}{\f0  a made-up word for something developed by Einstein. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Einsteinian }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 podium:}{\f0  a stand that serves as a support for the notes or books of a speaker. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  a made-up name for a town. }{\f0\ul Podunk }{\f0 
means any small and insignificant or inaccessible town or village (from the name of an actual village near Hartford, Connecticut). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  any small and insignificant or inaccessible town or village (from the name of an actual village near Hartford, Connecticut). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  any small and insignificant or inaccessible town or village (from the name of an actual village near Hartford, Connecticut). \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition }{\f0 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  any small and insignificant or inaccessible town or village (from the name of an actual village near Hartford, Connecticut). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  any small and insignificant or inaccessible town or village (from the name of an actual village near Hartford, Connecticut). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  the name of a village near Hartford, Connecticut.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  the name of a village near Hartford, Connecticut. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  the name of a village near Hartford, Connecticut. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk:}{\f0  the name of a village near Hartford, Connecticut. Used figuratively in this lecture to mean a small and insignificant or inaccessible town or village. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Podunk Falls:}{\f0  a made-up name for a location. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul POE - PQ
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 P-192:}{\f0  a made-up name for a pursuit plane, an armed airplane designed for speed and maneuverability in fighting enemy aircraft. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poe:}{\f0  Edgar Allan Poe (1809 - 1849) American short-story writer, poet and journalist. His tales of mystery and horror have been reprinted over and over again. Many of his works, especially his poems, express extreme sadness and depression. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poe, Eddie:}{\f0  a humorous reference to }{\f0\ul Edgar Allen Poe,}{\f0  (1809 - 1849) American short-story writer, poet and
 journalist. His tales of mystery and horror have been reprinted over and over again. Many of his works, especially his poems, express extreme sadness and depression. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poe, Edgar Allan: }{\f0 (1809 - 1849) American short-story writer, poet and journalist. His tales of mystery and horror have been reprinted over and over again. Many of his works, especially his poems, express extreme sadness and depression. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poe, Edgar Allan:}{\f0  (1809 - 1849) American short-story writer, poet and journalist. His tales of mystery and horror have been reprinted over and over again. Many of his works, especially his poems, express extreme sadness and depression. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poe, Edgar Allan:}{\f0  (1809 - 1849) American short-story writer, poet and journalist. His tales of mystery and horror have been reprinted over and over again. Many of his works, especially his poems, express extreme sadness and depression. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Poe, Edgar Allan:}{\f0  (1809 - 1849) US poet, short-story writer and critic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poe, Edgar Allen:}{\f0  (1809 - 1849) American short-story writer, poet and journalist. His tales of mystery and horror have been reprinted over and over again. Many of his works, especially his poems, express extreme sadness and depression. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poetic justice: }{\f0 an ideal distribution of rewards and punishments such as is common in some poetry and fiction. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poetic justice: }{\f0 an ideal distribution of rewards and punishments such as is common in some poetry and fiction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pogo:}{\f0  characteristic of the pastime of jumping on or as on a }{\f0\ul pogo }{\f0 stick: a stilt-like pole on which one jumps about. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pogo:}{\f0  the name of a very popular American comic strip, featuring an opossum named Pogo, who lived in the Okefenokee Swamp in Georgia. Pogo first appeared in a New York newspaper in 1948 and by 1952 it was syndicat
ed in some 225 newspapers. The comic strip was produced by Walter Kelly (1913 - 1973), cartoonist and illustrator. Kelly commented on subjects of current interest through his comic strip. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pogo:}{\f0 
 the name of a very popular American comic strip, featuring an opossum named Pogo, who lived in the Okefenokee Swamp in Georgia. Pogo first appeared in a New York newspaper in 1948 and by 1952 it was syndicated in some 225 newspapers. The comic strip was 
produced by Walter Kelly (1913 - 1973), cartoonist and illustrator. Kelly commented on subjects of current interest through his comic strip. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pogo:}{\f0 
 the name of a very popular American comic strip, featuring an opossum named Pogo, who lived in the Okefenokee Swamp in Georgia. Pogo first appeared in a New York newspaper in 1948 and by 1952 it was syndicated in some 225 newspapers. The comic strip was 
produced by Walter Kelly (1913 - 1973), cartoonist and illustrator. Kelly commented on subjects of current interest through his comic strip. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Point Conception:}{\f0  a point on the southwestern extremity of the California coastline, north of Santa Barbara, California. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 point field:}{\f0  a field of energy which has a point source. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 (point five) .5:}{\f0  the numerical designation for }{\f0\ul grief }{\f0 on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 point, in:}{\f0  appropriate; pertinent; apt. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 point of no return:}{\f0  the point in a journey or a course of action beyond which one cannot turn back or change a decision made earlier. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 point of order:}{\f0  a question as to whether the rules of parliamentary procedure (formal rules for debate in an assembly, club, etc.) are being observed. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 point of order:}{\f0 
 a question as to whether the rules of parliamentary procedure (formal rules for debate in an assembly, club, etc.) are being observed. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 (point seventy-five) .75:}{\f0  the numerical designation for a tone just below .8 (propitiation) on the Tone Scale. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (point two) .2:}{\f0  the numerical designation for }{\f0\ul self-abasement }{\f0 on the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 poiple:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect) }{\f0 purple. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poise:}{\f0 *** a dignified, self-confident manner or bearing; composure; self-possession. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 Poitiers:}{\f0  a city in west France and the scene of many battles. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Poitiers:}{\f0  a city in west France and the scene of many battles. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poke: }{\b\f0\ul (chiefly Midland US and Scottish)}{\f0  a bag or sack, especially a small one. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 poke: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a blow with the fist. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 poker:}{\f0  a card game in which the players bet on the value of their hands, forming a pool to be taken by the winner. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poker, stiff as a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 in a fixed and unyielding position. A poker is a metal rod for poking or stirring a fire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poker, stiff as a: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 in a fixed and unyielding position. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pokily:}{\f0  in a slow moving or lazy manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polar cap:}{\f0  a large region of ice or other frozen matter surrounding a pole of a planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polar cap:}{\f0  a large region of ice or other frozen matter surrounding a pole of a planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polarity:}{\f0  any tendency to turn, grow, think, feel, etc., in a certain way or direction, as if because of magnetic attraction or repulsion.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 polarity:}{\f0  any tendency to turn, grow, think, feel, etc., in a certain way or direction, as if because of magnetic attraction or repulsion. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polarity: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative) the possession of two opposite or contrasted principles or tendencies. \emdash DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 polarity:}{\f0  the condition of being positive or negative with respect to some reference point or object. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polarity:}{\f0  the condition of being positive or negative with respect to some reference point or object. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polarity: }{\f0 the positive or negative state in which a body reacts to a magnetic, electric or other field. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul Polar Times:}{\f0 
 a magazine published twice monthly since 1935 by the American Polar Society (a society founded in 1934 composed of approximately 2000 members in 30 nations who are interested in the history and exploration of the arctic and the antarctic regions). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Polar Times:}{\f0  a magazine published twice monthly since 1935 by the American Polar Society. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 pole:}{\f0  either of two opposed or differentiated forces, parts, or principles, such as the ends of a magnet, the terminals of a battery, motor or dynamo, or two extremes of opinion, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 poleaxed:}{\f0  felled with a poleax\'d1a kind of battle-ax with a blade combining an ax, a hammer and a spike, used for fighting on foot. Used figuratively in the lecture\emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), World Book Dictionary}{\f0 .
\par }{\b\f0 pole, goes up the:}{\f0  goes mad or out of one's senses. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pole, going up the:}{\f0  going mad or out of one's senses. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pole, gone up the:}{\f0  gone mad or out of one's senses. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poles:}{\f0  natives or inhabitants of Poland, a country in central Europe.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Poles:}{\f0  natives or inhabitants of Poland, a country in central Europe. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poles:}{\f0  the two parts (of a battery, magnet, motor, etc.) where opposite forces are strongest. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pole, thetan on the:}{\f0 
 reference to a type of theta trap made up of a piece of metal or other material which, when a thetan begins to push against it, absorbs his energy and pulls him in harder. The really effective ones have no energy of their own at all but only use the ener
gy of the thetan himself. The more he pushes, the more he is stuck to the trap, because it is on his wavelength, it's his energy. He could postulate himself off of the trap, but this thetan has lost the power to post
ulate and thinks the smart thing to do is to push the trap away from him. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pole trap:}{\f0 
 a type of theta trap made up of a piece of metal or other material which, when a thetan begins to push against it, absorbs his energy and pulls him in harder. The really effective ones have no energy of their own at all but only use the energy of the the
tan himself. The more he pushes, the more he is stuck to the trap, because it is on his wavelength, it's his energy. He could postulate himself off of
 the trap, but this thetan has lost the power to postulate and thinks the smart thing to do is to push the trap away from him. It is not unusual for a thetan to spend 18 to 20 thousand years on one of these traps. Also called a }{\f0\ul theta pole.}{\f0  
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pole trap:}{\b\f0\ul  see theta pole}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pole (type) trap:}{\f0  a type of theta trap made up of a piece of metal or other material which, when a thetan begins to push against it, absorbs his energy and pulls him in 
harder. The really effective ones have no energy of their own at all but only use the energy of the thetan himself. The more he pushes, the more he is stuck to the trap, because it is on his wavelength, it's his energy. He could postulate himself off of t
he trap, but this thetan has lost the power to postulate and thinks the smart thing to do is to push the trap away from him. It is not unusual for a thetan to spend 18 to 20 thousand years on one of these traps. Also called a }{\f0\ul theta pole.}{\f0  
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pole, up the:}{\f0  mad or out of one's senses. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pole, went up the:}{\f0  achieved ecstasy without knowledge. \ldblquote Going up the pole\rdblquote 
 is a phenomenon whereby a person realizes something or has a terrific drive of inspiration and becomes ecstatic, but is still encumbered with the physical universe and aberration so is not able to sustain the state. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pole, wrapped around a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  tangled up; confused. Taken from the 
US West where a tangled-up man in a confused condition was likened to a person, horse or cow who had run into a telegraph pole and gotten wrapped around it. It infers the situation or person needs to be untangled and straightened out. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 police blotter: }{\f0 a record of arrests and charges. A }{\f0\ul blotter}{\f0  is a book for recording events as they occur. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 police blotter:}{\f0  a record of arrests and charges. A }{\f0\ul blotter}{\f0  is a book for recording events as they occur. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 police book:}{\f0  a reference to a document registering an alien in the United Kingdom with the police. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 police court:}{\f0  a court for settling minor charges brought by the police. It has the power to hold people charged with serious offenses for trial in higher courts.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 policed: }{\f0 regulated, controlled or kept in order by or as if by means of police. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 police-state:}{\f0 
 of or pertaining to a government that seeks to intimidate and suppress political opposition by means of police, especially a secret national police organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 police-state:}{\f0  of or pertaining to a government that seeks to intimidate and suppress political opposition by means of police, especially a secret national police organization. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0 
 Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 policy:}{\f0  the rules and administrative formulas by which members of a group agree on action and conduct their affairs  \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 policy:}{\f0  the rules and administrative formulas by which members of a group agree on action and conduct their affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 policy letter:}{\b\f0\ul  Hubbard Communications Office Policy Letter (HCO PL):}{\f0 
 a permanently valid issue of organization and administrative technology. HCO PLs, regardless of date or age, form the know-how of running an organization or group or company. These make up the b
ulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organizations. HCO PLs are signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul hat}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary
}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 policy letter:}{\f0  reference to }{\f0\ul Hubbard Communications Office Policy Letter (HCO PL):}{\f0 
 a permanently valid issue of organization and administrative technology. HCO PLs, regardless of date or age, form the know-how of running an organization or group or company. These make up the 
bulk of staff hat materials in Scientology organizations. HCO PLs are signed by L. Ron Hubbard and issued in green ink on white paper, consecutive by date. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polio:}{\f0 
 an acute infectious disease, especially of children, caused by a virus inflammation of the gray matter of the spinal cord: it is accompanied by paralysis of various muscle groups that sometimes atrophy, often with resulting permanent deformities. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 polio: }{\b\f0\ul poliomyelitis:}{\f0  a serious infectious disease, especially of children, caused by a virus that inflames the gray matter (nerve tissue) of the spinal cord, often resulting in muscular paralysis.\emdash }{\f0\ul 
Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 polio:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul poliomyelitis. See also }{\b\f0\ul poliomyelitis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Polio Foundation: }{\f0 the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis. Polio is short for Poliomyelitis or Infantile Paralysis. It is an infectious virus disease of the central nervous system, sometimes resulting in paralysis. --}{\f0\ul 
Funk and Wagnell's Encyclopedia}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 polio money:}{\f0 
 money supposedly received from polio victims. In the early 1960s, the FDA attempted to investigate a project which ran during the mid-1950s and serviced public individuals who had polio. The Dianetics counseling delivered at that time was offered and giv
en free of charge to those who answered to the advertisement for such services. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul FDA }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poliomyelitis:}{\f0  a serious infectious disease, especially of children, caused by a virus that inflames the gray matter (nerve tissue) of the spinal cord, often resulting in muscular paralysis. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poliomyelitis:}{\f0  inflammation of the gray matter of the spinal cord. Certain forms of the disease produce muscular paralysis and atrophy, others do not. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 poliomyelitis:}{\f0  inflammation of the gray matter of the spinal cord. Certain forms of the disease produce muscular paralysis and atrophy, others do not. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polish up:}{\f0 *** improve (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Politburo:}{\f0  the executive committee and chief policymaking body of the Communist Party in the Soviet Union and in certain other communist countries. }{\f0\ul Politburo}{\f0  comes from the Russian word }{\f0\ul politbyur\'f3,}{\f0 
 which is a shortening of }{\f0\ul polit\'edcheskoe byur\'f3,}{\f0  political bureau. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Political Dianetics:}{\f0  a branch of Dianetics which embraces the field of group activity and organization to establish the optimum conditions and processes of leadership and intergroup relations. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\ul Political Dianetics:}{\f0  a branch of Dianetics which embraces the field of group activity and organization to establish the optimum conditions and processes of leadership and intergroup relations. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Political Dianetics:}{\f0  embraces the field of group activity and organization to establish the optimum conditions and processes of leadership and intergroup relations. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90

\par }{\b\f0 politico:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 
a politician: a person actively engaged in politics (the science of governments), usually one holding or seeking political office; often used to show contempt for one who seeks only to advance himself or his party, as by scheming. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polka-dot:}{\f0  a pattern consisting of dots of uniform size and arrangement. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polling:}{\f0  of, for, or having to do with the registering or casting of votes. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polliwog: }{\f0 a very young frog or toad when it lives in water and has gills and a long tail; tadpole. Tadpoles gradually adapt to life out of water by developing lungs and limbs, losing gills and changing internally.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 polls: }{\f0 a place where votes are cast and recorded. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 polls:}{\f0  the place or places where votes are cast and counted. \'d1}{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 poll tax:}{\f0  a tax levied on persons rather than on property, often as a requirement for voting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Polo, Marco:}{\f0  (1254 - 1324) an Italian explorer and one of the first Europeans to travel across Asia. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Polo, Marco:}{\f0  (1254 - 1324) an Italian explorer and one of the first Europeans to travel across Asia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poltergeist:}{\f0  a ghost supposed to be responsible for table rappings and other mysterious noisy disturbances. From the German }{\f0\ul poltern}{\f0  (to make noise, rumble) and }{\f0\ul geist}{\f0  (ghost). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul poltergeist:}{\f0  a ghost supposed to be responsible for table rappings and other mysterious noisy disturbances. From the German }{\f0\ul poltern}{\f0  (to make noise, rumble) and }{\f0\ul geist}{\f0  (ghost). \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 poltergeist:}{\f0  reference to the type of phenomena caused by a poltergeist, a ghost supposed to be responsible for table rappings and other mysterious noisy disturbances. From the German }{\f0\ul poltern}{\f0  (to make noise, rumble) and }{
\f0\ul geist}{\f0  (ghost). \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Polynesia:***}{\f0  a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean, east of Australia and the Philippines. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Polynesia: }{\f0 a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean, east of Australia and the Philippines. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Polynesian:}{\f0  having to do with the group of islands in the central and southern Pacific Ocean, including the islands of Hawaii, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Polynesian group:}{\f0  reference to a group of islands in the central and southern Pacific Ocean, including the islands of Hawaii, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Polynesians: }{\f0 natives of Polynesia: a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean, east of Australia and the Philippines. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 polysyllables:}{\f0  words having several, especially four or more, syllables. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 polytechnic school:}{\f0  a school specializing in the teaching of industrial arts and applied sciences. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 polyunsaturated: }{\f0 a kind of fat or oil that (unlike animal or dairy fats) is not associated with the formation of cholesterol (a fatty substance associated with hardening of the arteries) in the blood. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pomade:}{\f0  a scented ointment, especially one used for the scalp or for dressing the hair. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pommy: }{\f0 an obsolete form of the word }{\f0\ul pumice. \emdash Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Pomona:}{\f0  a city in southern California, east of Los Angeles. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pomp: }{\f0 a showy display; boastful show. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pompeii:}{\f0  an ancient city in southwest Italy, which in a.d. 79 was destroyed (completely covered in lava) by the eruption of the nearby volcano called Mount Vesuvius. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pompeiio:}{\f0  a humorous reference to Pompeii, an ancient city in southwest Italy, which in a.d. 79 was destroyed (completely covered in lava) by the eruption of the nearby volcano called Mount Vesuvius. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pomposity: }{\f0 the quality of being pompous, characterized by an exaggerated display of self-importance or dignity; boastfulness; arrogance. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 pomposity:}{\f0  the quality of being pompous, characterized by an exaggerated display of self-importance or dignity; boastfulness; arrogance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pompous: }{\f0 trying to seem magnificent or very important; inflated. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pompous robes: }{\f0 literally, apparel or dress characterized by a pretentious or conspicuous display of dignity or importance in an attempt to impress others. Used figuratively in this sense. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0 
 Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 Pon:}{\f0  a student on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pondered:}{\f0  thought deeply about; considered carefully. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ponderousness: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  the state or condition of being labored or dull. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Pongerbung, Mrs.:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pongo!: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul bingo!, }{\f0 an exclamation denoting sudden action, success or comprehension. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Prod Off/Org Off System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pontius:}{\f0 
 Pontius Pilate, first century a.d. Roman prosecutor who condemned Jesus to be crucified. According to the Bible he attempted to not be responsible for Jesus' death by publicly washing his hands and giving responsibility to a mob of people who were callin
g for Jesus' death. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pontius something-or-other: }{\f0 a reference to }{\f0\ul Pontius Pilate,}{\f0 
 the governor of the Jews at the time of the crucifixion of Jesus (ca. a.d. 29); he was an official of the Roman Empire, to which the Jewish nation belonged at that time. According to the gospels, Pilate did not consider Jesus guilty and wanted to release
 him. Under pressure from the crowds in Jerusalem, however, Pilate sentenced Jesus to death on the cross, having first washed his hands as a symbol of getting rid of his responsibility for Jesus' fate.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poobar, Vermont:}{\f0  a made-up name for a town. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 poof:}{\f0  (1) an interjection used to express or indicate a sudden disappearance. (2) a short, sharp puff. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poof:}{\f0  an interjection used to express or indicate a sudden disappearance. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pooh!:}{\f0  an exclamation of disdain or contempt. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pooh-bah Planet:}{\f0  a name for a planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poopdeck:}{\f0  short, raised deck at the very stern of a vessel. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul stern }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 poor box:}{\f0  a box, especially in a church, into which contributions for the poor can be dropped. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul Poor Richard's Almanack:}{\f0  the composite name given to the almanacs issued from 1732 to 1757 by Benjamin Franklin. They were written under the pen name Richard Saunders and contained humor, information and proverbial wisdom, such as: / 
\ldblquote Early to bed and early to rise, / Makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Franklin, Ben}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pop:}{\f0 *** designating or of music popular with the general public. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 Pop:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  Papa; Father. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pop:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 hit; smack. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pop:}{\f0 *** strike, rap, knock. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Pop:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (US informal)}{\f0  Papa; Father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Pop: }{\b\f0\ul (US informal)}{\f0  Papa; Father. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pop}{\f0  }{\b\f0 bottles:}{\f0  bottles filled with a carbonated, nonalcoholic beverage; from the sound produced when the cork or cap is removed from the bottle. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pope:}{\f0  head of the Roman Catholic church. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pope Benedict Pius Innocent, Mr.:}{\f0  a humorous reference to Pope Clement VII, Pope of
 the Catholic Church from 1523 - 1534, who had shown himself to be unaware of the growing menace to his church from the Reformation, a religious movement that was attempting to reform the Roman Catholic Church. Further, he had aligned himself against Char
les V, Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire (1519 - 1558) resulting in poor relations. Charles V had Rome sacked in 1527 and Pope Clement was held prisoner for some months in one of his own castles. Later in the same year, he denied a divorce to Henry VIII, K
ing of England, which ultimately resulted in the separation of England from the Catholic Church. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Henry the VIII }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pope Pius:}{\f0  Pope Pius XII (1876 - 1958), supreme head (pope) of the Roman Catholic Church from 1939 until his death in 1958. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pope Pius:}{\f0  Pope Pius XII (1876 - 1958), supreme head (pope) of the Roman Catholic Church from 1939 until his death in 1958. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pope Pius:}{\f0  Pope Pius XII (1876 - 1958), supreme head (pope) of the Roman Catholic Church from 1939 until his death in 1958. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pope Pius:}{\f0  reference to one of the popes having the name of Pius. There have been 12 different popes so named. Pius XII held office at the time of this lecture. The word \ldblquote pius\rdblquote  in Latin means }{\f0\ul pious:}{\f0 
 having or showing religious devotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pope Piuses:}{\f0  persons similar to a Pope Pius. There have been 12 popes called Pope Pius. Pope Pius XII was the Pope from 1939 - 1958. The word \ldblquote pius\rdblquote  in Latin means }{\f0\ul pious:}{\f0 
 having or showing religious devotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Popeye brand:}{\f0  a brand of spinach manufactured by Allen Canning Company of Arizona. }{\f0\ul Popeye}{\f0 
 is a comic strip character created by E. C. Segar (1894 - 1938) in 1929. In 1933, an animated cartoon series was released starring Popeye. His enemy, Bluto, would seemingly manage to defeat him, but Popeye would always spring back to victory after eating
 a can of spinach. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 popeyed:}{\f0  having wide eyes that bulge out. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pop gun:}{\f0  a child's toy gun from which a small wad of paper or wax is shot by compressed air, producing a loud pop. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89

\par }{\b\f0 popped off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 destroyed. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 popped up:}{\f0  come promptly, suddenly or unexpectedly. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 poppeta}{\b\f0\ul :}{\f0  a made-up variation of }{\f0\ul pocketa-pocketa}{\f0 
: an imitation of the regular sound made by a smoothly-running internal combustion engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 poppy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a coined word from }{\f0\ul pop, }{\f0 father and }{\f0\ul -y, }{\f0 
a suffix used in forming terms of endearment. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poppycock:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 nonsense. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poppy Day:}{\f0  the day on which the end of World War I (November 11, 1918) is celebrated (also called Remembrance Day or Armistice Day). Artificial red poppie
s (recalling the poppies of Flanders fields, a strategic battleground of World War I) are traditionally sold in aid of ex-servicemen. These became an emblem of World War veterans based on the poem, \ldblquote In Flanders Fields\rdblquote 
 written in 1915 by John McCrae (1872 - 1918 physician and poet) which has the following lines: / \ldblquote If ye break faith with us who die / We shall not sleep, though poppies grow / In Flanders fields.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 popular election:}{\f0  an election open to all citizens who are qualified to vote. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Popular Mechanics:}{\f0  a monthly US magazine covering the fields of science/technology, automobiles, aviation, electronics, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Popular Mechanics:}{\f0  a monthly US magazine covering the fields of science/technology, automobiles, aviation, electronics, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 population explosion:}{\f0  the very great and continuing increase in human population in modern times. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 porcelain:}{\f0  a hard, white, baked clay of which bathtubs, sinks, tiles, etc., are often made. \emdash }{\f0\ul Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0  (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 por centium:}{\f0  exagerrated pronunciation of }{\f0\ul per centum}{\f0 , percent. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 por cientum:}{\f0  exagerrated pronunciation of }{\f0\ul per centum}{\f0 , percent. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Porkpie, Duke of:}{\f0  a made-up title. A }{\f0\ul porkpie}{\f0  is a man's soft hat with a round, flat crown, so called from its resemblance in shape to a pork pie (a pie of pastry enclosing minced pork). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 port: }{\f0 the left-hand side of a vessel when facing towards the bow. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul bow}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 port arms: }{\b\f0\ul (military)}{\f0  a position in rifle drilling where one carries, holds or places a rifle (or sword) in front of one, diagonally upward from right to left, as for inspection. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  manual of arms}{\f0 
 and}{\b\f0  order arms}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Port Darwin:}{\f0  a seaport in and capital of Northern Territory, in northern Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Port Darwin:}{\f0  a seaport in and capital of Northern Territory, in northern Australia.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Port Darwin:}{\f0  a seaport in and capital of Northern Territory, in northern Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Port Darwin:}{\f0  a seaport in and capital of Northern Territory, in northern Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Port Darwin:}{\f0  a seaport in and capital of Northern Territory, in northern Australia. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Port Elizabeth:}{\f0  a major seaport of South Africa on the Indian Ocean. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 portended:}{\f0  indicated in advance; foreshadowed, as an omen does. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 portends:}{\f0  is an indication of; signifies. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 porter:}{\f0  an employee who sweeps, cleans, does errands, etc., as in a bank, store or restaurant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 porter:}{\f0  a person who carries things. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 portfolio:}{\f0  the office of a minister of state or member of a cabinet. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 portholes:}{\f0  round, window-like openings which each have a hinged, watertight, glass cover in the side of a vessel for admitting air and light. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Portland:}{\f0  industrial city and port in northwestern Oregon, a state in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 portmanteau:}{\f0  combining everything in the same bag. Used figuratively. A }{\f0\ul portmanteau}{\f0  is a case or bag for carrying clothing and other necessities when traveling, originally of a form suitable for carrying on horseback. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 portmanteau:}{\f0  combining everything in the same bag. Used figuratively. A }{\f0\ul portmanteau}{\f0  is a case or bag for carrying clothing and other necessities when traveling, originally of a form suitable for carrying on horseback.  
\emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 portmanteau:}{\f0  combining or blending several items, features or qualities. A }{\f0\ul portmanteau}{\f0  is a case or bag for carrying clothing and other necessities when traveling, originally of a form suitable for carrying on horseback. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 portmanteau word:}{\f0  an invented word combining the sounds and meanings of two others. A }{\f0\ul portmanteau}{\f0  is a case or bag for carrying clothing and other
 necessities when traveling, originally of a form suitable for carrying on horseback. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #17, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Port Said:}{\f0  a seaport city in northeast Egypt on the Mediterranean Sea. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Port Said:}{\f0  the second largest seaport in Egypt at the Mediterranean Sea end of the Suez Canal (a canal which connects the Mediterranean Sea with the Red Sea). It is known as having a high crime rate. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Portsmouth:}{\f0  a city in England built on Portsea Island in Portsmouth Bay, south of London. It is the site of the chief naval station and naval arsenal of Great Britain. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Portsmouth:}{\f0  a US Navy disciplinary center (naval prison) located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire\emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0 from}{\f0\ul  Americana Encyclopedia}{\f0  (from library call).

\par }{\b\f0 Portsmouth:}{\f0  a US Navy disciplinary center (naval prison) located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Portsmouth Naval Prison:}{\f0  a US Navy disciplinary center located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Portsmouth Naval Prison:}{\f0  a US Navy disciplinary center located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ports of call: }{\f0 ports visited briefly by a ship, usually to take on or discharge passengers and cargo or to undergo repairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 pose:}{\f0  assert, state or put forward. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 pose:}{\f0  attitude or frame of mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pose: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  attitude assumed for effect; pretense; affectation. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 posed:}{\f0  presented or put forward. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Poseidon:}{\f0 
 in Greek religion, god of the sea, protector of all waters. Powerful, violent and vengeful, he carried the trident (a three-pronged spear) with which he caus
ed earthquakes. Black bulls were often sacrificed to him and bull fights took place in his honor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 poses:}{\f0  puts forward; presents. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 poseurs: }{\f0 attempts to impress others by assuming or affecting a manner, degree of elegance, sentiment, etc., other than one's own. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul posing:}{\f0  presenting or putting forward. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul posing:}{\f0  presenting or putting forward. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 positional altitude:}{\f0  altitude deriving from an arbitrarily assigned position. Military officers and bureaucrats often depend heavily upon positional altitude. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 positive postulation:}{\f0  the fact of making postulates which not only give no attention to any negative, but which do not assume that any negative is even possible. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  postulates}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 positive suggestion:}{\f0 
 suggestion by the operator to a hypnotized subject with the sole end of creating a changed mental condition in the subject by implantation of the suggestion alone. It is the transplantation of something in the hypnotist's mind into the patient's mind. Th
e patient is then to believe it and take it as part of himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 positrons:}{\f0  an elementary particle with the mass of an electron and a charge of the same amount as the electron's but positive. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Oxford American Dictionary}{\f0 .
\par }{\b\f0 possum, playing:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  pretending to be asleep, dead, unaware, etc. Opossums lie still as if paralyzed or pretending to be dead when they are attacked. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Post:}{\f0  a common name for a newspaper. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 post: }{\f0 an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization which is supervised in part by an executive. \'d1}{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 post: }{\f0 a position, job or duty to which a person is assigned or appointed; an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization which is supervised in part by an executive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 post: }{\f0 a position, job or duty to which a person is assigned or appointed; an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul post: }{\f0 a position, job or duty to which a person is assigned or appointed; an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization which is supervised in part by an executive. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 post:}{\f0  a position, job or duty to which a person is assigned or appointed; an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization which is supervised in part by an executive. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 post:}{\f0  a position, job or duty to which a person is assigned or appointed; an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization which is supervised in part by an executive. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 post:***}{\f0  a position, job or duty to which a person is assigned or appointed; an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization which is supervised in part by an executive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 post:***}{\f0  a position, job or duty to which a person is assigned or appointed; an assigned area of responsibility and action in an organization which is supervised in part by an executive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 
(app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 Post:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Saturday Evening Post}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Saturday Evening Post}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Post:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Washington Post:}{\f0  a large daily newspaper published in Washington, DC. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 post:}{\f0  the starting gate at a racetrack. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 posted:}{\f0 *** (one's name) placed upon a notice board as no longer a member (of a club, etc.) for nonpayment of dues or other irregularity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Post, Emily:}{\f0 
 (1873 - 1960) American writer born in Baltimore, Maryland. After writing some novels on social themes she turned to becoming mentor to Americans in all matters of social behavior and etiquette, broadcasting and writing newspaper articles on these subject
s. Her book }{\f0\ul Etiquette }{\f0 (1922) was the foundation of her reputation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 posterity:}{\f0  all succeeding generations; future mankind.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 posterity: }{\f0 succeeding or future generations collectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 postern:}{\f0  rear; lesser. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 posthypnotic:}{\f0  of, having to do with or carried out in the period following a hypnotic trance. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 post office department:}{\f0  a humorous reference to the United States postal service whose famous motto is: \ldblquote Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postpartum:}{\f0  of the period following childbirth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 postpartum psychosis:}{\f0  mental upset due to delivery of a baby. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postpartum psychosis: }{\f0 mental upset due to delivery of a baby. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 postpartum psychosis:}{\f0  mental upset due to delivery of a baby. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  (1) assume (a thing) to be true, especially as a basis for reasoning. (2) something taken for granted or assumed as a basis for reasoning; a fundamental principle. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0 
 (1) (noun) a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself on his own self-determinism on data of the past, known or unknown. The postulate is always known. It is made upon the evaluation of data by the individual or on impulse withou
t data. It resolves a problem of the past, decides on problems or observations in the present or sets a pattern for the future. (2) (verb) conclude, decide or resolve a problem or set a pattern for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{
\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (noun)}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. (2) }{\f0\ul (verb)}{\f0  make a }{\f0\ul 
postulate.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  (1)}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 put forward as a reality. (2) that self-determined thought which starts,
 stops or changes past, present or future efforts; a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or set a pattern for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. Postulates are self-created truths.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  (1) something taken for granted or assumed as a basis for reasoning; a fundamental principle. (2) a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or set a pattern for the 
future or nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0 
 (1) something taken for granted or assumed as a basis for reasoning; a fundamental principle. (2) a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or set a pattern for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  (1) to assume (a thing) to be true, especially as a basis for reasoning. (2) put forward as a reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0 
 (1) (verb) decide that something will happen; set a pattern for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. (2) (noun) a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to null
ify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0 
 (1) (verb) decide that something will happen; set a pattern for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. (2) (noun) a conclusion, decision or r
esolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (verb) }{\f0 put forward as a reality. (2) }{\f0\ul (noun) }{\f0 
conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself; thing put there as a reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself on his own self-determinism on data of the past, known or unknown. The postulate 
is always known. It is made upon the evaluation of data by the individual or on impulse without data. It resolves a problem of the past, decides on problems or observations in the present or sets a pattern for the future. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself on his own self-determinism on data of the past, known or unknown. The postulate is always known. It is made upon the evaluation of data by the indiv
idual or on impulse without data. It resolves a problem of the past, decides on problems or observations in the present or sets a pattern for the future. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0 
 a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself on his own self-determinism on data of the past, known or unknown. The postulate is always known. It is made upon the evaluation of data by the individual or on impulse without data. It 
resolves a problem of the past, decides on problems or observations in the present or sets a pattern for the future. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate: }{\f0 a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself; to conclude, decide or resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary
}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991

\par }{\b\f0 postulate: }{\f0 a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 postulate: }{\f0 a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 postulate: }{\f0 a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1, 7, 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)

\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)

\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a decision that something will happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:***}{\f0  a decision that something will happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  a self-determined thought which starts, stops or changes past, present or future efforts; a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or set a patte
rn for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. Postulates are self-created truths. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  decide that something will happen; set a pattern for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  decide that something will happen; set a pattern for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulate:}{\f0  generate or think a concept. A concept is a thought, and to postulate infers a requirement that something }{\f0\ul is}{\f0  something or that it isn't something or that some action is going to take place. In other words, }{\f0\ul 
postulate}{\f0  infers conditions and actions rather than just plain thought. (Note to translators: Lacking a proper English word for \ldblquote causative thinking,\rdblquote  the word }{\f0\ul postulate}{\f0 
 has been used in slight difference to its English definition. If there is a word in your language which means \ldblquote self-impulsion\rdblquote  or \ldblquote creation of a thought,\rdblquote  use that instead of }{\f0\ul postulate.}{\f0 ) \emdash }{
\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 postulate: }{\b\f0\ul (verb) }{\f0 put forward as a reality. }{\f0\ul (noun) }{\f0 conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself; thing put there as a reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90

\par }{\b\f0 postulate checks:}{\f0  checks written against nonexistent funds being counted as in-the-shop GI. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulated:}{\f0  assumed to be true, especially as a basis for reasoning. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 postulated:}{\f0  decided upon by the individual himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 postulated: }{\f0 put forward as a reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Postulate Processing:}{\f0 
 that processing which addresses the postulates, evaluations and conclusions of the preclear at the level of self-determined thought, yet Postulate Processing has some value when addressed to stimulus-response ideas. Postulate Processing is the primary an
d highest method of processing a thetan. With Creative Processing, it constitutes Scientology 8-8008. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Postulate Processing:}{\f0  that processing which addresses the postulates, evaluations and conclusions of the preclear at the level of self-determined thought, yet has some value when addressed to stimulus-response ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Postulate Processing:}{\f0  that processing which addresses the postulates, evaluations and conclusions of the preclear at the level of self-determined thought, yet has 
some value when addressed to stimulus-response ideas. With Creative Processing, it constitutes Scientology 8-8008. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Postulate Processing:}{\f0  that processing which addresses the postulates, evaluations and conclusions of the preclear at the level of self-determined thought, yet has some value when addressed to stimulus-response ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Postulate Processing:}{\f0  that processing which addresses the postulates, evaluations and conclusions of the preclear at the level of self-determined thought, yet has some value when addressed to stimulus-response ideas. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0  conclusions, decisions or resolutions made by the individual himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0  conclusions, decisions or resolutions made by the individual himself; things put there as a reality. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0  conclusions, decisions or resolutions made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)

\par }{\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0  conclusions, decisions or resolutions made by the individual himself to resolve problems or set patterns for the future or nullify patterns of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0 *** conclusions, decisions or resolutions made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0  decisions that something will happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0  decisions that something will happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0  decisions that something will happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 postulates:***}{\f0  decisions that something will happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 postulates:}{\f0  things assumed to be true, especially as a basis for reasoning. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 postulates: }{\f0 things put there as a reality.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 postulates: }{\f0 
those self-determined thoughts which start, stop or change past, present or future efforts; conclusions, decisions or resolutions made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or set a pattern for the future or nullify a pattern of the past. Postula
tes are self-created truths.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 postulates: }{\f0 those self-determined thoughts which start, stop or change past, present or future efforts; conclusions, decisions or resolutions made by the individual himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 postulates: }{\f0 those self-determined thoughts which start, stop or change past, present or future efforts; conclusions, decisions or resolutions made by the individual himself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulating:}{\f0  assuming to be true, real or necessary, especially as a basis for argument or reasoning. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 postulating:}{\f0  deciding that something will happen; setting a pattern for the future or nullifying a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 postulating:}{\f0  making a }{\f0\ul postulate,}{\f0  a conclusion, decision or resolution made by the individual himself to resolve a problem or to set a pattern for the future or to nullify a pattern of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Postum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark) }{\f0 the brand name of a coffee substitute produced by General Foods. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 posture:}{\f0  place the body in a position, such as sitting, standing, walking, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 postures:}{\f0  affected or unnatural attitudes. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 postures:}{\f0 *** positions or attitudes of the body or of bodily parts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 pot: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul potentiometer, }{\f0 a type of variable resistor (a device 
used to vary the amount of resistance in the path of electrical flow). A potentiometer can be used to increase or decrease the pressure (voltage) behind a flow of electrical energy and to change the volume of the flow. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul pot: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul potentiometer, }{\f0 
a type of variable resistor (a device used to vary the amount of resistance in the path of electrical flow). A potentiometer can be used to increase or decrease the pressure (voltage) behind a flow of electrical energy and to cha
nge the volume of the flow. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 pot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 marijuana.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pot: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  marijuana. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 marijuana. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Potala:}{\f0  an eleven-story, gilt-roofed palace in Lhasa, the  capital of Tibet. The Potala is so large that it can be seen from miles away. It was built in the 7th century as the residence of the priest king of Tibet and its name means 
\ldblquote Palace of the Gods.\rdblquote  \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 potassium: }{\f0 a mineral which helps to keep body fluids balanced and is important to the functioning of the nervous system. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 potassium bichromate:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul potassium dichromate: }{\f0 a poisonous, yellowish-red crystalline salt used in dyeing, in photography, as an oxidizing agent, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 potato, drop (something) like it was a hot:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  get rid of (something dangerous, unwanted, etc.) as quickly as possible. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 potentiality:}{\f0  possibility or capability of becoming, developing, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary, Student Edition.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 potentials:}{\f0  amounts or quantities of energy or work available for use but not yet in motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 potential trouble source:}{\f0  a person who is in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. They are called a }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0 
 trouble source because they can be a lot of trouble to themselves and to others.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul SPs}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 potential trouble source:}{\f0  persons who are in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. They are called }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0 
 trouble sources because they can be a lot of trouble to themselves and to others.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul SP}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 potential trouble source (PTS):}{\f0  a person who is in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. He is called a }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0 
 trouble source because he can be a lot of trouble to himself and to others. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 potential trouble source (PTS):***}{\f0  persons who are in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. They are called }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0  trouble sources because they can be a lot of trouble to themselves an
d to others.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul SP}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 potential trouble sources:}{\f0  persons who are in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. They are called }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0 
 trouble sources because they can be a lot of trouble to themselves and to others.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul SP}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 potential trouble sources:}{\f0  persons who are in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. They are called }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0 
 trouble sources because they can be a lot of trouble to themselves and to others.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul suppressive person}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pot, going to:}{\f0  going to ruin; falling apart. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pot-metal: }{\f0 a metal formed from the mixture of lead and copper of which pots were formerly made. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pot of gold at the end of the rainbow:}{\f0  a reward. Reference to an old legend that if one reaches the spot where a rainbow touches the earth and digs there, one will be sure to find a pot of gold. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Potomac:}{\f0  a river which forms the boundary between the US states of Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia. At Washington, DC, which is 125 miles from its mouth, the river becomes a tidal stream on which large ships can sail. }{\f0\ul See also 
}{\b\f0\ul Washington }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Potomac:}{\f0  the Potomac River, which flows through Washington, DC. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Potomac:}{\f0  the Potomac River, which flows through Washington, DC, (a city and the capital of the United States). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Potomac River:}{\f0  a river which flows through Washington, DC. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Potomac River:}{\f0  a river which flows through Washington, DC. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Potomac River:}{\f0  a river which flows through Washington, DC. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 potpourri:}{\f0  a combination of various incongruous elements. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 potpourri:}{\f0  a combination of various incongruous elements. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pots: }{\b\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  persons of importance.  \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Pottenger, Dr.:}{\f0  Francis Marion Pottenger, MD (1869 - 1961), medical specialist in tuberculosis and founder of Pottenger Sanatorium in Monrovia, California. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 potter:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (chiefly British)}{\f0  keep busy in a rather useless way; putter. \emdash }{\f0\ul Futu
re Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 potty:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  odd; slightly crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 potty:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  slightly crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 potty: }{\f0 odd; slightly crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pot, went to:}{\f0  went to ruin. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poughkeepsie:}{\f0  a city in southeastern New York situated on the east bank of the Hudson River about 66 miles north of New York City. Its name derives from an Indian word meaning \ldblquote the reed-covered lodge by the little water place.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poughkeepsie:}{\f0  a city in southeastern New York situated on the east bank of the Hudson River about 66 miles north of New York City. Its name derives from an Indian word meaning \ldblquote the reed-covered lodge by the little water place.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poughkeepsie:}{\f0  a city in southeastern New York situated on the east bank of the Hudson River about 66 miles north of New York City. Its name derives from an Indian word meaning \ldblquote the reed-covered lodge by the little water place.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Poughkeepsie:}{\f0  a city in southeastern New York situated on the east bank of the Hudson River about 66 miles north of New York City. Its name derives from an Indian word meaning \ldblquote the reed-covered lodge by the little water place.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Poughkeepsie:}{\f0  a city in southeastern New York situated on the east bank of the Hudson River about 66 miles north of New York City. Its name derives from an Indian word meaning \ldblquote the reed-covered lodge by the little water place.
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Poughkeepsie:}{\f0  a city in southeastern New York state. Used in this lecture to represent a medium-sized American city. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Poughkeepsie:}{\f0  a city in southeastern New York. Used in this lecture to represent a typical medium-sized American city. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor, }{\f0 from }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition }{\f0 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Poughkeepsie:}{\f0  a medium-sized city in southeastern New York. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Poughkeepsie Foundation:}{\f0  a made-up name for an organization. Poughkeepsie is a city in southeastern New York. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Poughkeepsie Foundation:}{\f0  a made-up name for an organization. Poughkeepsie is a city in southeastern New York. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poultice:}{\f0  a hot, soft, moist mass, as of flour, herbs, mustard, etc. Sometimes spread on cloth, applied to a sore or inflamed part of the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pouncey:}{\f0  tending to or likely to }{\f0\ul pounce:}{\f0  to spring, dash or come suddenly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pound: }{\f0 monetary unit of the United Kingdom. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pound:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called a pound sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pound:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pound:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pound sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pound:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pound sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poundage:}{\f0  weight in pounds. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pounds:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pounds:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pounds: }{\f0 the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pounds: }{\f0 the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pounds: }{\f0 the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pounds:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 pounds:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pounds:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1, 15, 25, 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pounds:}{\f0  the basic unit of money in the United Kingdom; also called pounds sterling. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pounds: }{\f0 the monetary unit of the United Kingdom. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pound (something) home:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul bring (something) home, }{\f0 impress upon or make (something) clear. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pouter pigeon:}{\f0  a breed of domestic pigeons that puff out their chests. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 powder mine:}{\f0  a land mine using gunpowder as its explosive element. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 powder-puffy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 like a }{\f0\ul powder puff, }{\f0 a soft, feathery ball or pad, as of cotton or down, for applying powder to the skin. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Power:}{\f0  a grade of release achieved through the auditing of Power Processes, resulting in an ability to handle power. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 power: }{\f0 a state or nation of international authority or influences. \'d1}{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 power: }{\f0 a state or nation of international authority or influences.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 power:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect) }{\f0 a large number or quantity (of something specified). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 power:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (mathematics)}{\f0  the result obtained by multiplying a number by itself one or more times. The number two to the third power (2 x 2 x 2) is eight. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Power:}{\f0 
 processes audited only by Class VII (Power) Auditors which make Grade V Power Releases. These processes result in an ability to handle power. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Power:}{\f0 
 processes audited only by Class VII (Power) Auditors which make Grade V Power Releases. These processes result in an ability to handle power. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 power: }{\f0 the product of a number multiplied by itself one or more times. Ten to the 21st power is the product of ten multiplied by itself twenty-one times. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor and World Book Dictionary}{\f0 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 powerhouse:}{\f0  a building where electric power is generated. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 powerhouse:}{\f0  a person, group, team, or the like, having great energy, strength or potential for success. \'d1}{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 powerhouse:}{\f0  a person, team, etc., of great strength, energy, drive, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 powerhouses:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  powerful persons, teams, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 powerhouses:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  powerful persons, teams, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 power, into:}{\f0  into authority or office. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Power Process:}{\f0  one of the processes audited only by Class VII (Power) Auditors which make Grade V Power Releases. These processes result in an ability to handle power. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Power Process:}{\f0  one of the processes audited only by Class VII (Power) Auditors which make Grade V Power Releases. These processes result in an ability to handle power. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0 
 Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 Power Process:}{\f0  one of the processes audited only by Class VII (Power) Auditors which make Grade V Power Releases. These processes result in an ability to handle power.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Power Process:}{\f0  one of the processe
s audited only by Class VII (Power) Auditor which made a Grade VII Power Release at the time of this lecture. Power is now delivered by a Class VII Auditor and makes a Grade V Power Release. These processes result in an ability to handle power. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Power Processes:}{\f0  the processes audited only by Class VII (Power) Auditors which make Grade V Power Releases. These processes result in an ability to handle power. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Power Processes:}{\f0  the processes audited only by Class VII (Power) Auditors which make Grade V Power Releases. These processes result in an ability to handle power. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 powers of creation:}{\f0  the people who hold power over one or who have a right to control one's activities. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul the powers that be}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 powwow:}{\b\f0\ul  (colloquial) }{\f0 any conference or gathering. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 poxes:}{\f0  humorous reference to }{\f0\ul pocks,}{\f0  small blisters caused by smallpox, chicken pox, etc., or the scars sometimes left by these. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul PR - PRIM
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PR:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul public relations, }{\f0 the social technology of handling and changing human emotion and reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 PR:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 ublic }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 elations, the social technology of handling and changing human emotion and reaction. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 PR:}{\f0 *** abbreviation for }{\f0\ul public relations, }{\f0 the social technology of handling and changing human emotion and reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 PR:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 ublic }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 elations, which is essentially the art of making good works well known. In Scientology slang, \ldblquote PR\rdblquote 
 is used to mean putting up a lot of false reports to serve as a smoke screen for idleness or bad actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PR:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 ublic }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 elations, which is essentially the art of making good works well known. In Scientology slang, \ldblquote PR\rdblquote 
 is used to mean putting up a lot of false reports to serve as a smoke screen for idleness or bad actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PR:}{\f0 *** an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 ublic }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 elations, which is essentially the art of making good works well known. In Scientology slang, \ldblquote PR\rdblquote 
 is used to mean putting up a lot of false reports to serve as a smoke screen for idleness or bad actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 PR:}{\f0  Public Relations, the social technology of handling and changing human emotion and reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 practical joke:}{\f0  a trick or prank played upon some person usually in order to have a laugh at his expense. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Practical Scientology Course:}{\f0 
 a course in Scientology which required 8 weeks of day training or a full course of evening or weekend training. This course consisted of learning the Auditor's Code, Tone Scale, communication, the E-Meter and other Scientology basics. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 practitioners:}{\f0  persons engaged in the practice of a profession, occupation, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Praetorian Guard:}{\f0  the bodyguards of ancient Roman emperors and commanders. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Praetorian guards:}{\f0  members of the Praetorian Guard: in Roman history, the bodyguards of a Roman commander or emperor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prairie dog: }{\f0 a small squirrellike, burrowing rodent of North America, with a barking cry. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9A}{
\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prairie dog:}{\f0 ***}{\b\f0  }{\f0 a small squirrellike, burrowing rodent of North America, with a barking cry. \emdash }{
\f0\ul EM 9A Glossary}{\f0  (app. 25 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 prank: }{\f0 a trick of an amusing, playful or sometimes malicious nature. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Pratt & Whitney:}{\f0  Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, a division of the United Aircraft Corporation, who in 1927 developed the first truly successful large radial engine for airplanes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul radial engine}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Praxiteles:}{\f0  (ca. 390 - 330 b.c.) one of the greatest Greek sculptors. He was excellent at portraying the human body, especially the female figure. His statues of the gods and goddesses were relaxed and human in appearance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Praxiteles:}{\f0  one of the greatest Greek sculptors of the 300s b.c. He was excellent at portraying the human body, especially the female figure. His statues of the gods and goddesses were relaxed and human in appearance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prayer:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a chance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 prayer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a chance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prayer: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a chance. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prayer: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a chance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 prayer: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a chance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 prayer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a chance. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 prayer: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a chance. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prayer: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a chance to succeed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 prayer: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a chance to succeed. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 prayer rug:}{\f0  a rug to kneel on during prayer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 prayer wheel:}{\f0 
 a mechanical means for the recitation of mantras (syllables or verses with mystical efficacy) used by Tibetan Buddhists. The prayer wheel consists of a hollow, metal cylinder, often beautifully embossed, that is mounted on a rod. The mantra is written on
 a roll of paper and inser
ted in the cylinder after having been properly consecrated by a lama (priest). Each turning of the wheel by hand is equivalent to the prayer's oral recitation. The rationale is that the mantra when properly executed has a metaphysical power of its own. It
s correct recitation, however, is difficult to learn and for the ordinary Tibetan the turning of the written word is a substitute that must be done much more frequently to make up for its lesser power. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 precariously:}{\f0  in a manner dependent on chance circumstances, unknown conditions or uncertain developments; uncertainly. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 precedence:}{\f0  priority in time or order. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 precesses:}{\f0  undergoes }{\f0\ul precession: }{\f0 
the rotation of a spinning rigid body that has been tipped from its vertical axis by external torques (forces that act to produce rotation) acting on it. This phenomenon is illustrated by the wobble of a top and the gyration of the earth's axis. \emdash }
{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 precipice:}{\f0  a vertical, almost vertical or overhanging rock face; steep cliff. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 precipitate:}{\f0  done or made without sufficient deliberation; overhasty; rash.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 precipitates:}{\f0  causes to happen; brings on. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 precipitates:}{\f0  causes to happen; brings on. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 precipitation:}{\f0  being caused to happen before expected, warranted, needed or desired; bringing on; hastening. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 precipitous:}{\f0  extremely or impassably steep. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 precipitous:}{\f0  hasty; rash. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  any person who has entered into Dianetics processing. A person who, through Dianetics processing, is finding out more about himself and life. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre- Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre- Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 
 a person not yet Clear, hence pre- Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is an unaberrated person. He is rational in that he forms
 the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. It is a state of mental well-being never before achieved by man. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear: }{\f0 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{
\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0   \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 
 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is an unaberrated person. He is rational in that he forms 
the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. It is a state of mental well-being never before achieved by man. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 
 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 
 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 
 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through auditing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is an unaberrated person. He is rational in that he forms th
e best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. It is a state of mental well-being never before achieved by man. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear: }{\f0 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear: }{\f0 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear: }{\f0 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear: }{\f0 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through auditing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear: }{\f0 a person not yet Clear, hence pre-Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person who is on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. A Clear is a being who, through Scientology and Dianetics processing, is able to form the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a person who, through Scientology processing, is finding out more about himself and life. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  is the name of a state a
chieved through auditing or an individual who has achieved this state. A Clear is an unaberrated person and is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul Clear}{\f0 
 is the name of a state achieved through auditing or an individual who has achieved this state. A Clear is an unaberrated person and is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul Clear}{\f0 
 is the name of a state achieved through auditing or an individual who has achieved this state. A Clear is an unaberrated person and is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. \emdash OEC - }
{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul Clear}{\f0 
 is the name of a state achieved through auditing or an individual who has achieved this state. A Clear is an unaberrated person and is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. \emdash }{
\f0\ul TR-8}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  is the name of a state achieved through auditing or an individual who has ac
hieved this state. A Clear is an unaberrated person and is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint.}{\f0\ul  \emdash PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul Clear}{\f0 
 is the name of a state achieved through auditing or an individual who has achieved this state. A Clear is an unaberrated person and is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:***}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul Clear}{\f0 
 is the name of a state achieved through auditing or an individual who has achieved this state. A Clear is an unaberrated person and is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul  \emdash Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 *** a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 *** a spiritual being who is now on the road to becoming Clear, hence pre-Clear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 
 from pre- Clear, a person not yet Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through processing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is an unaberrated person. He is rational in that he forms 
the best possible solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. It is a state of mental well-being never before achieved by man. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0 
 from pre- Clear, a person not yet Clear; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through auditing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is a person who is rational in that he forms the best possib
le solutions he can on the data he has and from his viewpoint. It is a state of mental well-being never before achieved by man. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs in Life Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  from pre-Clear, a person not yet Clear; generally a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through Dianetics auditing, is finding out more about himself and life. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 preclear:}{\f0  from pre-Clear, a person not yet Clear; generally a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through Dianetics auditing, is finding out more about himself and life. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear }{
\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear: }{\f0 from pre-Clear, a person not yet Clear
; generally, a person being audited, who is thus on the road to Clear; a person who, through auditing, is finding out more about himself and life. A Clear is a person who is rational in that he forms the best possible solutions he can on the data he has a
nd from his viewpoint. It is a state of mental well-being never before achieved by man. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preclear ejection engram:}{\f0  an engram containing such things as, \ldblquote Don't ever come back,\rdblquote  \ldblquote I've got to stay away,\rdblquote  etc., including any combination of words which }{\f0\ul literally}{\f0  mean ejection. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 preclears:}{\f0  spiritual beings who are now on the road to becoming Clears, hence pre-Clears. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 precognitive: }{\f0 having knowledge of a future event or situation, especially through extrasensory means. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 preconcept:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul preconception,}{\f0  something conceived or imagined beforehand; something anticipated in thought. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preconception:}{\f0  a concept or opinion formed beforehand. \'d1}{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 preconception:}{\f0 *** something conceived or imagined beforehand; something anticipated in thought. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 preconceptions: }{\f0 ideas or opinions formed beforehand; biases or prejudices. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 preconceptions:***}{\f0  ideas or opinions formed beforehand; biases or prejudices. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }
{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 preconceptions:}{\f0  ideas or opinions formed beforehand. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 precursors:}{\f0  earlier engrams. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 predatory: }{\f0 living by preying upon other animals. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 predecessor:}{\f0  person holding a position or office before another. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul predecessor:}{\f0  the person holding a position or office before another. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 predicated: }{\f0 founded (a statement, action, etc.) or based (upon). \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 predicated:}{\f0  founded or derived; based. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 predicated:}{\f0  founded or derived from (a statement, action, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 predicating:}{\f0  founding or basing (a statement, action, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 predigested:}{\f0  made simpler or plainer, as for easier understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 predispose:}{\f0  to make liable, as to a disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 predisposes:}{\f0  makes more likely to accept, get, etc.; inclines. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 predisposes:}{\f0  makes more likely to accept, get, etc.; inclines. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 predisposition:}{\f0  a state of mind or body that renders a person liable to act or behave in a certain way or to be subject to certain diseases. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 predisposition:}{\f0  the fact or condition of having an inclination or tendency to beforehand; susceptibility. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 predominance:}{\f0  the state of surpassing all others in authority or influence. \'d1compiled from the }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 predominating:}{\f0  being the stronger or leading element; prevailing. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 preempt: }{\f0 take over. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 preferential rates: }{\f0 the fees a preclear pays in order to get his choice of auditors and earliest service in the HGC. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobes:}{\f0  portion of the brain directly behind the forehead. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobes:}{\f0  portion of the brain directly behind the forehead. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobes:}{\f0  the portion of the brain directly behind the forehead. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobes:}{\f0 
 the portion of the brain directly behind the forehead. In a prefrontal lobotomy (a brain operation used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness) they are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connect
ing nerve fibers. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal-lobotomied:}{\f0  subjected to a }{\f0\ul prefrontal lobotomy,}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the 
connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal-lobotomied: }{\f0 
subjected to a prefrontal lobotomy, a surgical procedure in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomies:}{\f0  brain operations in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomies:}{\f0  brain operations in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomies:}{\f0  brain operations in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomies: }{\f0 brain operations in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomies: }{\f0\ul (psychiatry) }{\f0 
brain operations in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy: }{\f0 a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness.  
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the fron
tal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy: }{\f0 
a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0 *** a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 prefrontal lobotomy:}{\f0  a brain operation in which the frontal lobes are separated from the rest of the brain by cutting the connecting nerve fibers. Used by psychiatry supposedly for the purpose of relieving symptoms of mental illness. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav assessment:}{\f0  a method of discovering a level (a doingness or not doingness) on the Prehavingness Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Prehav Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prehavingness:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul See}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Prehav Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Prehavingness Scale: }{\f0 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not doingness. It was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote withdraw,\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,
\rdblquote  \ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav level:}{\f0  a point on the Prehavingness Scale. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav level processes:}{\f0  auditing procedures having to do with points on the }{\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale:}{\f0 
 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not-doingness. The Prehavingness Scale was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote withdraw,\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,\rdblquote  
\ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. Before one attained }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  he ran a \ldblquote before havingness\rdblquote  process, hence \ldblquote pre (before) have.\rdblquote 
 When the full scale was achieved he could have. For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav levels:}{\f0 *** a point on the Prehavingness Scale. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Prehav Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav line:}{\f0  in 3D Criss Cross procedure, a list of items gotten from the preclear in listing the question: \ldblquote Who or what would __(a Prehav Scale level)__,\rdblquote  (the level obtained from prior assessment of the Prehav Scale.) }
{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 3D Criss Cross, listing, assessment}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav Scale: }{\b\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale, }{\f0 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not doingness. It was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote withdraw,
\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,\rdblquote  \ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. Before one attained }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  he ran a \ldblquote before havingness\rdblquote  process, hence \ldblquote pre (before) have.\rdblquote 
 When the full scale was achieved he could have. For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav Scale:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale, }{\f0 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not-doingness. It was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote 
withdraw,\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,\rdblquote  \ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. Before one attained }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  he ran a \ldblquote before havingness\rdblquote  process, hence \ldblquote pre (before) have.
\rdblquote  When the full scale was achieved he could have.  For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav Scale:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale, }{\f0 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not doingness. It was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote 
withdraw,\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,\rdblquote  \ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. Before one attained }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  he ran a \ldblquote before havingness\rdblquote  process, hence \ldblquote pre (before) have.
\rdblquote  When the full scale was achieved he could have. For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav Scale:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale, }{\f0 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not-doingness. It was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote 
withdraw,\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,\rdblquote  \ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. Before one attained }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  he ran a \ldblquote before havingness\rdblquote  process, hence \ldblquote pre (before) have.
\rdblquote  When the full scale was achieved he could have. For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0   \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav Scale:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale, }{\f0 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not doingness. It was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote 
withdraw,\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,\rdblquote  \ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. Before one attained }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  he ran a \ldblquote before havingness\rdblquote  process, hence \ldblquote pre (before) have.
\rdblquote  When the full scale was achieved he could have. For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav Scale:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale, }{\f0 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not doingness. It was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote 
withdraw,\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,\rdblquote  \ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. Before one attained }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  he ran a \ldblquote before havingness\rdblquote  process, hence \ldblquote pre (before) have.
\rdblquote  When the full scale was achieved he could have. For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Prehav Scale:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Prehavingness Scale, }{\f0 a scale giving degrees of doingness or not-doingness. It was developed for use in certain auditing procedures to find charged areas to run and contains items such as \ldblquote 
withdraw,\rdblquote  \ldblquote desire,\rdblquote  \ldblquote waste,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wait,\rdblquote  etc. Before one attained }{\f0\ul havingness}{\f0  he ran a \ldblquote before havingness\rdblquote  process, hence \ldblquote pre (before) have.
\rdblquote  When the full scale was achieved he could have. For further information see }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8: The Book of Basics.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 prejudicial:}{\f0  tending to injure or impair. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul preliminary injunction:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (law)}{\f0  a judge's order to a person to do or refrain from doing a particular thing (an injunction) until the issue can be fully tried in court. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91

\par }{\b\f0 Prelogics:}{\f0  statements of the common denominators of knowledge (also called }{\f0\ul The Qs}{\f0 ), written by L. 
Ron Hubbard in 1952. Knowledge is a pyramid, and knowledge as a pyramid has a common denominator which evaluates all other data below it. At the top point of this pyramid, we have what could be called a Q, and it could also be called a common denominator.
 It is in common to every other datum in this pyramid full of data. The Qs (Prelogics) are the highest echelon from which all other things are derived.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 Prelogics:}{\f0  statements of the common denominators of knowledge, written by L. Ron Hubbard in 1952. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 premature: }{\f0 occurring or done before the usual or proper time, too early. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 premeditated:}{\f0  considered or planned beforehand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 premier:}{\f0  the title of the prime minister of any of certain countries. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul prime minister}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 premise:}{\f0  a proposition (statement or assertion) upon which an argument is based or from which a conclusion is drawn. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 prenatal:}{\f0  a Dianetics term which is used to denote an engram which is received before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prenatal:}{\f0  a Dianetics term which is used to denote an engram which is received before birth. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Dianetics}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 prenatal:}{\f0  a Dianetics term which is used to denote (refer to) an engram which is received before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prenatal: }{\f0 an engram which is received before birth. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 prenatal: }{\f0 an engram which is received before birth. Used figuratively in this lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prenatal:}{\f0  characteristic of existing or taking place before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prenatal:}{\f0  existing or taking place before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prenatal:}{\f0  existing or taking place before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul prenatal:}{\f0  existing or taking place before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul prenatal:}{\f0  existing or taking place before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul prenatal:}{\f0  existing or taking place before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul prenatal:}{\f0  existing or taking place before birth. }{\f0\ul Prenatal }{\f0 
is also a Dianetics term which is used to denote (refer to) an engram which is received before birth.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prenatals: }{\f0 engrams which are received before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prenatals: }{\f0 engrams which are received before birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 preoccupation:}{\f0  the state of being excessively concerned with something; absorption of the attention or intellect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pre-OT:}{\f0  a person beyond the state of Clear who, through higher auditing levels, is advancing to the full state of Operating Thetan (OT). An }{\f0\ul Operating Thetan}{\f0  is a state of beingness. It is a being \ldblquote 
at cause over matter, energy, space, time, form and life.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul Operating}{\f0  comes from \ldblquote able to operate without dependency on things,\rdblquote  and }{\f0\ul Thetan}{\f0  is the Greek letter }{\f0\ul theta (0),}{\f0 
 which the Greeks used to represent }{\f0\ul thought}{\f0  or perhaps }{\f0\ul spirit,}{\f0  to which an }{\f0\ul n}{\f0  is added to make a noun in the modern style used to create words in engineering. It is also }{\f0\ul 0}{\f0\ul\up6 n}{\f0  or 
\ldblquote theta to the nth degree,\rdblquote  meaning unlimited or vast. The pre-OT levels are New OT I through New OT VII. The actual OT levels begin at New OT VIII. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{
\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pre-OT:}{\f0  a thetan beyond the state of Clear who, through the pre-OT levels, is advancing to the full state of Operating Thetan (OT). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear; OT; pre-OT levels; thetan}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pre-OT:}{\f0  a thetan beyond the state of Clear who, through the pre-OT levels, is advancing to the full state of Operating Thetan (OT). \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-12}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pre-OT levels:}{\f0  the advanced auditing levels after Clear and preparatory to the actual OT levels which begin at New OT VIII. The pre-OT levels are New OT I through New OT VII. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Clear; OT; pre-OT}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prepared list:}{\f0  a list designed to find bypassed charge and repair a faulty auditing action or life situation. }{\f0\ul  \emdash TR-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prepared list:}{\f0 *** a list of auditing commands or questions which has been issued in an HCO Bulletin. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Prepcheck: }{\f0 a procedure originally developed in early 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order to run 3D Criss Cross. Its purpose was to get around an auditor's difficulty in \ldblquote varying the question\rdblquote 
 in pulling withholds (later referred to as Prepchecking by the Withhold System). In July 1962 it was further developed and began being done by repetitive command. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Prepcheck:}{\f0  a procedure originally developed in early 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order to run 3D Criss Cross. Its purpose was to get around an auditor's difficulty in \ldblquote varying the question\rdblquote 
 in pulling withholds (later referred to as Prepchecking by the Withhold System). In July 1962 it was further developed and began being done by repetitive command. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Prepcheck:}{\f0 *** a procedure originally developed in early 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order to run 3D Criss Cross. Its purpose was to get around an auditor's difficulty in \ldblquote varying the question\rdblquote 
 in pulling withholds (later referred to as Prepchecking by the Withhold System). In July 1962 it was further developed and began being done by repetitive command. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Prepcheck:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Preparatory check,}{\f0  a procedure originally developed in early 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order to run 3D Criss Cross. Its purpose was to get around an auditor's difficulty in \ldblquote 
varying the question\rdblquote  in pulling withholds (later referred to as Prepchecking by the Withhold System). In July 1962 it was further developed and began being done by repetitive command. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Prepcheck:}{\f0 *** short for Preparatory check, a procedure originally developed in early 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order to run 3D Criss Cross. Its purpose was to get around an auditor's difficulty in \ldblquote 
varying the question\rdblquote  in pulling withholds (later referred to as Prepchecking by the Withhold System). In July 1962 it was further developed and began being done by repetitive command. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Prepchecking:}{\f0  a procedure developed in 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order to run Routine 3D Criss Cross. Thus }{\f0\ul Prepchecking}{\f0  for }{\f0\ul Preparatory checking.}{\f0 
 The target of a prepcheck question was a chain of withholds. The purpose of Prepchecking was to set up a pc's rudiments so they would stay in during further clearing of the bank. Since September 1963 the term }{\f0\ul Prepchecking}{\f0 
 has been used to apply to a different procedure developed at that time. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 Prepchecking:}{\f0  short for Preparatory checking, a procedure originally developed in early 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order to run 3D Criss Cross. Its purpose was to get around an auditor's difficulty in \ldblquote 
varying the question\rdblquote  in pulling withholds (later referred to as Prepchecking by the Withhold System). In July 1962 it was further developed and began being done by repetitive command. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prepchecking:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul preparatory checking,}{\f0 
 a procedure originally developed in early 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order to run advanced processes. Its purpose was to get around an auditor's difficulty in pulling withholds (later referred to as Prepchecking by the Withhold System). }{
\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul case }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Prepchecking:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Preparatory Checking,}{\f0  a procedure originally developed in early 1962 as a way of cleaning up a case in order
 to run advanced processes. Its purpose was to get around an auditor's difficulty in pulling withholds (later referred to as Prepchecking by the Withhold System). \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 preponderance: }{\f0 greater number; greater weight; greater power or influence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul preponderance:}{\f0  greater number; greater weight; greater power or influence. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 preponderance:}{\f0  greater number; greater weight; greater power or influence.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 preponderance: }{\f0 greater number; greater weight; greater power or influence.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 preponderance: }{\f0 superiority in weight, power, influence, numbers, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 preposterous:}{\f0  completely contrary to nature, reason or common sense; absurd; senseless; utterly foolish. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 preposterous:}{\f0  so contrary to nature, reason or common sense as to be laughable; absurd; ridiculous. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 prep school:}{\f0 *** short for preparatory school, a school where pupils are prepared for college. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul prep school:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul preparatory school,}{\f0  a school where pupils are prepared for college. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prep school:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul preparatory school,}{\f0  a school where pupils are prepared for college. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Preps I/C, Central Organizing Bureau:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Preparations In-Charge, Organizing Bureau, Central Bureaux }{\f0 
(1970), the post which was responsible for providing data to make trained people with. The basic functions of the Organizing Bureau of Central Bureaux were getting people (recruits) and data to train them. The Central Bureaux evolved into Flag Bureaux. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prerelease:}{\f0  any patient who is entered into therapy to accomplish a release from his chief difficulties, psychosomatic or aberrational. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prerogative:}{\f0  an exclusive right, privilege, etc., exercised by virtue of rank, office or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prerogatives:}{\f0  exclusive rights, privileges, etc., exercised by virtue of rank, office or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Presbyterian:}{\f0  a member of the Protestant denomination based on the doctrines of John Calvin (1509 - 1564, French theologian and religious reformer) and governed by elders (}{\f0\ul presbyteros}{\f0  is the Greek word for \ldblquote elder
\rdblquote ). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Presbyterian:}{\f0  a member of the Protestant denomination based on the doctrines of John Calvin (1509 - 1564, French theologian and religious reformer) and governed by elders (}{\f0\ul presbyteros}{\f0  is the Greek word for \ldblquote elder
\rdblquote ). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Presbyterian:}{\f0  a member of the Protestant denomination based on the doctrines of John Calvin and governed by elders (}{\f0\ul presbyteros}{\f0  is the Greek word for \ldblquote elder\rdblquote ). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Calvin, John }{
\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Presbyterian church:}{\f0  a Protestant denomination based on the doctrines of John Calvin (1509 - 1564, French theologian and religious reformer) and governed by elders (}{\f0\ul presbyteros}{\f0  is the Greek word for \ldblquote elder\rdblquote 
). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Presbyterian church: }{\f0 a Protestant denomination based on the doctrines of John Calvin and governed by elders (}{\f0\ul presbyteros}{\f0  is the Greek word for \ldblquote elder\rdblquote ). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Calvin, John }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Presbyterian Church: }{\f0 a Protestant denomination based on the doctrines of John Calvin and governed by elders (}{\f0\ul presbyteros}{\f0  is the Greek word for \ldblquote elder\rdblquote ). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Calvin}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Presbyterians:}{\f0  members of the Presbyterian Church, a Christian church based on the doctrines of John Calvin (1509 - 1564, French theologian and religious reformer) and governed by presbyters (elders) who are all of equal rank. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prescience:}{\f0  knowledge of events or actions before they happen. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Prescott:}{\f0 
 William Prescott (1726 - 1795), American soldier in the Revolutionary War (1775 - 1783). He was the commander of a body of men that were ordered to fortify Bunker Hill. Prescott, however, decided to fortify Breed's Hill since it commanded the town more e
ffectively. As soon as the British saw the Americans in position on the morning of June 17, 1775, they opened fire, especially training thei
r muskets on Prescott himself. Several bullets pierced his clothing but he paid no attention to them. His extraordinary coolness under fire inspired his men, and he is remembered as the major hero of the battle. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Bunker Hill}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prescription:}{\f0  a formula directing the preparation of something. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 preselector:}{\f0  of or having to do with something which selects in advance or chooses beforehand. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 presence:}{\f0 *** the ability to project a sense of ease, poise or self-assurance, especially the quality or manner of a person's bearing before an audience. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  having to do with the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the point on anyone's time track where his physical body (if alive) may be found. \ldblquote Now.\rdblquote  The intersection of the mest time track with the (postulated) theta time track. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now and becomes the past as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. When we say someone should be in }{\f0\ul present time}{\f0 
 we mean he should be in communication with his environment. We mean, further, that he should be in communication with his environment as it exists, not as it existed. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul present time:}{\f0  the }{\f0\ul time }{\f0 which is now and becomes the past as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90

\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now, as in \ldblquote The preclear came up to present time,\rdblquote 
 meaning the preclear became aware of the presen  t environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now, rather than in the past. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in the present. A person said to be \ldblquote out of present time\rdblquote 
 would be someone whose attention is fixed on past events to such an extent that he is not fully aware of or in communication with his actual present environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul present time:}{\f0  the time which is now, rather than in the past. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in the present. A person said to be \ldblquote out of present time\rdblquote 
 would be someone whose attention is fixed on past events to such an extent that he is not fully aware of or in communication with his actual present environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now, rather than in the past. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in the present. A person said to be \ldblquote out of present time\rdblquote 
 would be someone whose attention is fixed on past events to such an extent that he is not fully aware of or in communication with his actual present environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 present time:***}{\f0  the time which is now, rather than in the past. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in the present. A person said to be \ldblquote out of present time\rdblquote 
 would be someone whose attention is fixed on past events to such an extent that he is not fully aware of or in communication with his actual present environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 present time:}{\f0  the time which is now, rather than in the past or future. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in the present. A person said to be \ldblquote out of present time\rdblquote  would be some
one whose attention is fixed on past or future events to such an extent that he is not fully aware of or in communication with his actual present environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0 
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem: }{\f0 a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote  on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the a
ttention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem: }{\f0 a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem: }{\f0 a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0 
 Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem: }{\f0 a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote  on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances t
hat so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the preclear has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1
Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the preclear has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0 *** a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0 
 Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0 *** a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the preclear has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the preclear has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Presession 37:}{\f0  a method of getting off withholds. It is one of the remedies used to get a beginning pc \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote  (interested in own case and willing to talk to the auditor), therefore it is called a }{\f0\ul presession
}{\f0  process. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Presession 37:}{\f0  a method of getting off withholds. It is one of the remedies used to get a beginning pc \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote  (interested in own case and willing to talk to the auditor), therefore it is called a }{\f0\ul presession
}{\f0  process. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Presession 37:}{\f0  a method of getting off withholds, run without a Model Session. It is one of the remedies used to get a beginning pc \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote 
 (interested in own case and willing to talk to the auditor), therefore it is called a }{\f0\ul presession}{\f0  process. For the full commands and procedure see HCOB 15 December 1960 in the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0 
 \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Presession 37:}{\f0  a method of getting off withholds, run without a Model Session. It is one of the remedies used to get a beginning pc \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote 
 (interested in own case and willing to talk to the auditor), therefore it is called a }{\f0\ul presession}{\f0  process. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Presession 38:}{\f0 
 a process designed to do nothing but remedy the pc's difficulty on which his attention is so fixed that his ability cannot be expanded. Presession 38 consists of hearing the individual's statement of a long-term present time problem and f
inding some reasonable genus for that problem (some reasonable departure point for that problem) on the E-Meter, and running that as an engram, preferably using beingness processes\'d1e.g., \ldblquote What part of that incident would you be willing to be?
\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Presession:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Presession Process,}{\f0  a method of getting a beginning preclear or a person who is having difficulty into session. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul session}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 President Kennedy:}{\f0  Joh
n Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917 - 1963), president of the United States from 1961 to 1963. His presidency ended with his assassination on November 22, 1963. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 President Truman:}{\f0  Harry S. Truman (1884 - 1972), 33rd president of the United States (1945 - 1953). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Presley, Elvis:}{\f0  (1935 - 1977) the king of American rock-and-roll from achieving stardom in 1956 through to the early 60s. Presley was a singer and guitaris
t known for his distinctive throaty tone and his aggressive, sexual delivery. When he first appeared on television in the 50s, the gyrations he performed while singing were considered too suggestive for broadcast and the cameras recorded him only from the
 waist up. One of his many famous songs was titled \ldblquote All Shook Up.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 press:}{\f0  printed matter as a whole, especially newspapers and periodicals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 press agent:}{\f0  a person employed to promote the interests of an individual, organization, etc., by obtaining favorable publicity through advertisements, mentions in columns and the like. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Second Edition}{\f0 
 (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 press-agentry:}{\f0  publicity produced by a press agent's work or skill, especially in making a person or thing seem more desirable, admirable or successful. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pressboard:}{\f0  a kind of highly sized rag paper or board, sometimes containing a small mixture of wood pulp, so called because originally used in presses for pressing and finishing knit underwear. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 press boy: }{\f0 a person who writes for a newspaper, magazine, news service, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 presses home:}{\f0  presses or pushes to the point at which one is aiming. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 press home:}{\f0  press or push to the point at which one is aiming. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 press (one's) luck:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 take unnecessary risks in a situation that is already favorable. A variation of }{\f0\ul push one's luck. \emdash SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pressor:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul pressor beam. See }{\b\f0\ul pressor beam }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pressor beam:}{\f0 
 a beam which can be put out by a thetan which acts as a stick and with which one can thrust oneself away or thrust things away. The pressor beam can be lengthened, and in lengthening, pushes things away. Pressor beams are used to direct action. \emdash }
{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 pressor beam:}{\f0  a beam which can 
be put out by a thetan which acts as a stick and with which one can thrust oneself away or thrust things away. The pressor beam can be lengthened, and in lengthening, pushes things away. Pressor beams are used to direct action.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pressor beam:}{\f0 
 a beam which can be put out by a thetan which acts as a stick and with which one can thrust oneself away or thrust things away. The pressor beam can be lengthened, and in lengthening, pushes things away. Pressor beams are used to direct action. \emdash }
{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pressor beam:}{\f0 
 a beam which can be put out by a thetan which acts as a stick and with which one can thrust oneself away or thrust things away. The pressor beam can be lengthened, and in lengthening, pushes things away. Pressor beams are used to direct action. \emdash }
{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pressor beam:}{\f0  a beam which can be put out by a thetan which acts as a stick and with which one can thrust oneself away or thrust things away. The pressor beam can be lengthened, and in
 lengthening, pushes things away. Pressor beams are used to direct action. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pressor beam:}{\f0 
 a beam which can be put out by a thetan which acts as a stick and with which one can thrust oneself away or thrust things away. The pressor beam can be lengthened, and in lengthening, pushes things away. Pressor beams are used to direct action. \emdash }
{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 press releases:}{\f0  statements or stories prepared for release to the news media, as by a government official or an organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 press releases:}{\f0  statements prepared and distributed to the press by a public relations firm, governmental agency, etc. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 prestidigitosis:}{\f0  a made-up word from }{\f0\ul prestidigitation,}{\f0  the doing of tricks by quick, skillful use of the hands and}{\f0\ul  -osis,}{\f0  a state, condition or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0 
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prestigious: }{\f0 having a reputation, influence or distinction based on what is known of one's abilities, achievements, opportunities, associations etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 presto chango: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an immediate or sudden change, as if by magic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 presto}{\f0  }{\b\f0 chango:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  change immediately or suddenly, as if by magic (used as an interjection). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 presto digitanjo pretslosis:}{\f0  a made-up magic command. }{\f0\ul Presto,}{\f0  meaning }{\f0\ul fast}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul at once,}{\f0  is frequently used in making up magic commands such as }{\f0\ul presto chango,}{\f0  a command to cha
nge right now. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 presumptuous: }{\f0 too bold or forward; taking too much for granted. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Pretender:}{\f0  James Francis Edward Stuart (1688 - 1766), English prince of Wales who claimed the English throne and led an unsuccessful revolt to obtain it. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 pretense:}{\f0  a false or unsupported claim. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 pretenses:}{\f0  false claims, excuses or shows. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pretentious:}{\f0  claiming a position of expertise when unjustified. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 preterm:}{\f0  before the end of the period a pregnancy normally lasts. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pretty Boy Floyd:}{\f0  Charles Arthur Floyd (1901 - 34), US bank robber and murderer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pretty Boy Floyd:}{\f0  Charles Arthur Floyd (1901 - 34), US bank robber and murderer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pretty Boy Floyd:}{\f0  Charles Arthur Floyd (1901 - 1934), US bank robber and murderer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prevailed:}{\f0  had superior force or influence; became victorious. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 prevailing:}{\f0  predominant in extent or amount; most widely occurring or accepted; generally current. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 prevalence:}{\f0  the condition of being widespread; of wide extent or occurrence; in general use or acceptance. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 prevalence: }{\f0 the wide existence of; general practice, occurrence or acceptance. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 prevalent:}{\f0  existing or occurring generally; widespread. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prevarication:}{\f0  the action of speaking falsely or misleadingly; deliberate misstatement or creation of an incorrect impression; lying.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Preventive Dianetics:}{\f0 
 a large subject, infiltrating the fields of industry and agriculture and other specialized activities of man. Its basic principle is the scientific fact that engrams can be held to minimal content or prevented entirely with large gains in favor of mental
 health and physical well-being, as well as social adjustment. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Preventive Dianetics:}{\f0  a large subject, infiltrating the fields of industry and agriculture and other s
pecialized activities of man. Its basic principle is the scientific fact that engrams can be held to minimal content or prevented entirely with large gains in favor of mental health and physical well-being as well as social adjustment. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Preventive Dianetics: }{\f0 
that branch of Dianetics based on the principle that engrams can be held to minimal content or prevented entirely, with large gains in favor of mental health and physical well-being as well as social adjustment. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 price of fish:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul 
the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the: }{\f0 the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.)  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #7, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul price of fish, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 price of oranges, the:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, the price of fish, }{\f0 etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 price of oysters in Australia:}{\f0  the issue at hand. (There are many variations of this phrase, such as }{\f0\ul the price of eggs, the price of tea in China, the price of fish, }{\f0 etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prim: }{\f0 stiffly formal, precise, moral; proper, prudish, prissy, etc. --}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Student Edition}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 prima donna:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a temperamental, vain or arrogant person. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prima donna:}{\f0  the principal woman singer in an opera or concert. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prima donna-ish:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  temperamental, vain or arrogant. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 prima facie:}{\f0  plain or clear; self-evident; obvious. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 primal:}{\f0  first in time; original. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 primary:}{\f0  having to do with primary school (a school in which elementary subjects are taught, comprising the first six or eight grades). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 primary:}{\f0 *** of or having to do with primary school (a school in which elementary subjects are taught, comprising the first six or eight grades). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 primary targets: }{\f0 a group of \ldblquote understood\rdblquote 
 targets (objectives one intends to accomplish) which, if overlooked, bring about inaction. The first of these is somebody there, then worthwhile purpose, then somebody taking responsibility for the area or action, then form of orga
nization planned well, then form of organization held or reestablished, then organization operating. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 primary targets:}{\f0 *** a group of \ldblquote understood\rdblquote  targets (objectives one i
ntends to accomplish) which, if overlooked, bring about inaction. The first of these is somebody there, then worthwhile purpose, then somebody taking responsibility for the area or action, then form of organization planned well, then form of organization 
held or reestablished, then organization operating. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 prime ('):}{\f0  a mark used to distinguish a letter, etc., from another of the same kind, as A'. In this book, (}{\f0\ul '}{\f0 ) is used to distinguish Joe' and Bill' from Joe and Bill in the earlier part of the cycle of communication. \emdash }
{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prime ('):}{\f0  a mark used to distinguish a letter, etc., from another of the same kind, as A'. In this instance, (') is used to distinguish Joe' and Bill' from Joe and Bill in the earlier part of the cycle of communication. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prime:}{\f0  a term used to distinguish a letter, number or other character from another of the same kind. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prime:}{\f0  chief; most important. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prime:}{\f0 *** chief; most important. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 prime: }{\f0 primary, original, fundamental; from which others are derived or on which they depend. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 prime:}{\f0  ready; prepared. Used humorously as a play on words in \ldblquote And Joe'\'d1same Joe, you see, but now prime to do it...\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul prime (')}{\f0  in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 prime minister:}{\f0  the head of the government in many nations, especially those having a parliamentary system of government.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul parliamentary}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0 
 Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 prime ministers:}{\f0 
 heads of governments in many nations, especially those having a parliamentary system of government (a system of government in which the power to make and execute laws is held by an assembly of representatives, usually of the entire nation) such as Britai
n and Canada. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 prime ministers:}{\f0 
 heads of governments in many nations, especially those having a parliamentary system of government (a system of government in which the power to make and execute laws is held by an assembly of representatives, usually of the entire nation) such as Britai
n and Canada. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prime molecule unfixed:}{\f0  a humorous reference to the \ldblquote Prime Mover Unmoved\rdblquote : a concept originating with the Greek philosopher Aristotle. It means the first cause of all movement, itself immovable.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prime mover:}{\f0  a person or thing that starts or does the most for any enterprise. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Prime Mover Unmoved:}{\f0  a concept originating with the Greek philosopher Aristotle. It means the first cause of all movement, itself immovable. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prime mover unmoved:}{\f0  a concept originating with the Greek philosopher Aristotle. It means the first cause of all movement, itself immovable. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Prime Mover Unmoved: }{\f0 
a concept originating with the Greek philosopher Aristotle. It means the first cause of all movement, itself immovable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul Prime Mover Unmoved: }{\f0 
a concept originating with the Greek philosopher Aristotle. It means the first cause of all movement, itself immovable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prime mover unmoved:}{\f0  a concept originating with the Greek philosopher Aristotle. It means the first cause of all movement, itself immovable. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prime postulate:}{\f0  a basic purpose of the individual, or a goal. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 priming cap:}{\f0  a thin metal container filled with a small amount of explosive material, used to detonate the main explosive charge of a firearm. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 priming pan:}{\f0  in early firearms, a recess in the side of a weapon holding a small amount of gunpowder, which, when exploded by the action of the hammer of the gun, fired the main charge. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 priming pan:}{\f0  in early firearms, a recess in the side of a weapon holding a small amount of gunpowder, which, when exploded by the action of the hammer of the gun, fired the main charge. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{
\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 primitive:}{\f0  of or at an early stage of civilization. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 primordial: }{\f0 pertaining to or existing at or from the very beginning. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 primrose path:}{\f0  the path of pleasure, self-indulgence, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul PRIN - PSU
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Prince-Nez, Miss:}{\f0  a humorous made-up name for a schoolteacher. }{\f0\ul Pince-nez }{\f0 are eyeglasses without side-pieces, kept in place by a spring gripping the bridge of the nose. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Prince of Darkness:}{\f0  the Devil; Satan. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Prince of Darkness:}{\f0  the Devil; Satan. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Prince of Peace:}{\f0  Jesus Christ, regarded by Christians as the Messiah, or savior. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  and}{\f0\ul  Webster's New World Dictionary, Third College Edition }{\f0 
 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Prince Philip:}{\f0 
 Prince Philip Mountbatten, Duke of Edinburgh (1921 - ), the husband of Queen Elizabeth II of England. In 1947 he became a British citizen and was created duke of Edinburgh when he married the queen and in 1957 was entitled prince. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Princess Pats:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military)}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry,}{\f0 
 a unit formed by Major Andrew Hamilton Gault in Ottawa, Canada in 1914. They were named after Princess Patricia, the daughter of the Duke of Connaught (1850 - 1942) and granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth of England. Their dress uniform consisted of a red c
oat and a spiked helmet and they served in both World War I and II. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Prince, The:}{\f0  a controversial political treatise by Niccol\'f2 Machiavelli (1469 - 1527). It was completed in 1517 and sets forth the idea th
at a ruler need not trouble himself about the means he uses to accomplish a purpose. He must use any means, no matter how wicked, to strike down his enemies and make his people obey. He also set down rules to be followed to keep power. }{\f0\ul See also }
{\b\f0\ul Machiavelli }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton:}{\f0  a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. It is noted for its school of public and international affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton:}{\f0  a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. It is noted for its school of public and international affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton:}{\f0  a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. It is noted for its school of public and international affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton: }{\f0 a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. It is noted for its school of public and international affairs and for its scientific research. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton: }{\f0 a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. It is noted for its school of public and international affairs and for its scientific research. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton:}{\f0  a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. It is noted for its school of public and international affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton:}{\f0 *** a prestigious American university located in the State of New Jersey. It is noted for its school of public and international affairs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton School of Government:}{\f0  the Naval School of Military Government at }{\f0\ul Princeton University,}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton School of Government:}{\f0  the Naval School of Military Government at }{\f0\ul Princeton University,}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton School of Government:}{\f0  the Naval School of Military Government at }{\f0\ul Princeton University,}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Princeton University:}{\f0  a prestigious American university located in the state of New Jersey. It is noted for its school of public and international affairs and for its scientific research. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determin
ism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89 (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 principal:}{\f0 *** first in rank, authority, importance, etc.; chief; main. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 PRing:}{\f0  \ldblquote PR\rdblquote  is an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul public relations,}{\f0  which is essentially the art of making good works well known. In Scientology slang, \ldblquote PRing\rdblquote 
 is used to mean putting up a lot of false reports to serve as a smoke screen for idleness or bad actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 PRing:}{\f0 *** \ldblquote PR\rdblquote  is an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul public relations,}{\f0  which is essentially the art of making good works well known. In Scientology slang, \ldblquote PRing\rdblquote 
 is used to mean putting up a lot of false reports to serve as a smoke screen for idleness or bad actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 printed circuit: }{\b\f0\ul (in electronic equipment)}{\f0 
 a circuit in which the interconnecting wires have been replaced by conductive strips printed, etched, etc., onto a sheet of nonconductive materials. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 private: }{\f0 a common soldier, not an officer; a soldier of the lowest rank. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 private:}{\f0  a common soldier, not an officer; a soldier of the lowest rank. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 private:}{\f0  a common soldier, not an officer; a soldier of the lowest rank. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 private:}{\f0  belonging to a common soldier of the lowest rank. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 private: }{\f0 soldier or marine of the lowest rank. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 privation:}{\f0  lack of the ordinary necessities or comforts of life. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 prizefight:}{\f0  a contest between boxers for a prize, a sum of money, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (Machinery of the Mind Glossary) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 PRO:}{\f0 *** abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Public Relations Officer.}{\f0  A person who handles public relations, the social technology of handling and changing human emotion and reaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 PRO:}{\f0 
 Public Relations Officer; also the activity or product of a Public Relations Officer, i.e., public relations. The PRO formulates, guides and utilizes public opinion to the end of enhancing the repute and expansion of his organization or client. He change
s opinions or molds opinions or gets things well thought of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 pro:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul professional.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 probe:}{\f0  a searching examination. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 probes:}{\f0  unmanned spacecraft carrying scientific instruments to record or report back information about space, planets, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Problems Intensive:}{\f0 
 a procedure wherein the auditor gets from the pc self-determined changes he has made in his life (such as deciding to move, get a different job, etc.), locates the prior confusion to the change by asking the pc for it and cleans the area up using a speci
fic auditing procedure. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Problems Intensive:}{\f0 
 a procedure wherein the auditor gets from the pc self-determined changes he has made in his life (such as deciding to move, get a different job, etc.), locates the prior confusion to the change by asking the pc for it and cleans the area up using a speci
fic auditing procedure. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Problems Intensive:}{\f0  a procedure wherein the auditor gets from the pc self-determined changes he has made in his life (such as deciding 
to move, get a different job, etc.), locates the prior confusion to the change by asking the pc for it and cleans the area up using a specific auditing procedure. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\ul Problems Intensive:}{\f0 
 a procedure wherein the auditor gets from the pc self-determined changes he has made in his life (such as deciding to move, get a different job, etc.), locates the prior confusion to the change by asking the pc for it and cleans the area up using a speci
fic auditing procedure. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Problems Intensive:}{\f0 
 a procedure wherein the auditor gets from the pc self-determined changes he has made in his life (such as deciding to move, get a different job, etc.), locates the prior confusion to the change by asking the pc for it and cleans the area up using a speci
fic auditing procedure. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Problems Intensive:}{\f0 *** a procedure wherein the auditor gets from the pc self-determined changes he has made in his life (such as 
deciding to move, get a different job, etc.), locates the prior confusion to the change by asking the pc for it and cleans the area up using a specific auditing procedure. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Problems of Comparable Magnitude:}{\f0  a process in which the auditor locates the actual problem the preclear is having, has him describe it and then has him invent problems of comparable magnitude to that problem. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
comparable magnitude}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Problems of Comparable Magnitude:}{\f0  a process in which the auditor locates the actual problem the preclear is having, has him describe it and then has him invent problems of comparable magnitude (similar importance) to that problem. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Problems of Comparable Magnitude:}{\f0  a process in which the auditor locates the actual problem the preclear is having, has him describe it and then has him invent problems of comparable magnitude to that problem. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Problems of Work, The:}{\f0 
 a book by L. Ron Hubbard on the subject of work. This contains solutions to the basic difficulties associated with work, such as overcoming exhaustion, the secrets of efficiency, handling confusing situations and much more. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 proboscis:}{\f0  a long flexible snout, as an elephant's trunk. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Procedure 30: }{\f0 an auditing pro
cedure in which the auditor first gets into two-way communication with the preclear and keeps up this communication to get an idea of some sort of present time problem, if the preclear has any, and tackle this problem, if found, head on. The auditor and p
reclear would tackle any possibility that this individual was unable to duplicate a command many times. Then the auditor runs three processes: first, }{\f0\ul Opening Procedure by Duplication;}{\f0  second, }{\f0\ul Straightwire}{\f0  on the subject of }{
\f0\ul problems}{\f0  using the question \ldblquote Give me some problems that you don't have to solve at this moment\rdblquote ; and third, }{\f0\ul Granting of Beingness}{\f0  using the question \ldblquote Who would grant beingness to...?\rdblquote 
 And in the blank may be placed anything the auditor might think of, each time until the preclear replies without communication lag. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul 
 present time problem; Opening Procedure by Duplication; Straightwire; Granting of Beingness; communication lag}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  (1) give auditing to. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0 
 in this glossary. (2) a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 process:  }{\f0 (1) }{\f0\ul (noun)}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (noun) }{\f0 a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. (2) }{\f0\ul (verb)}{\f0 
 apply processes to. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (noun) }{\f0 a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. (2) }{\f0\ul (verb)}{\f0 
 apply processes to. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (noun)}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. (2) }{\f0\ul (verb)}{\f0 
 give auditing to. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (verb)}{\f0  apply processes to. (2) }{\f0\ul (noun) }{\f0 
a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process: }{\f0 apply a Scientology process to another. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  apply a Scientology process to another using a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life. More fully, a process is a patterned action, done by the auditor and preclear under the auditor's direction,
 which is invariable and unchanging, composed of certain steps or actions calculated to free the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0 
 a set of questions asked by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life. More fully, a process is a patterned action, done by the auditor and preclear under the auditor's direction, which is invariable and unchanging, composed of ce
rtain steps or actions calculated to free the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0 
 a set of questions asked by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life. More fully, a process is a patterned action, done by the auditor and preclear under the auditor's direction, which is invariable and unchanging, composed of ce
rtain steps or actions calculated to free the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life. More fully, a process
 is a patterned action, done by the auditor and preclear under the auditor's direction, which is invariable and unchanging, composed of certain steps or actions calculated to free the preclear.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0 
 a set of questions asked by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life. More fully, a process is a patterned action, done by the auditor and preclear under the auditor's direction, which is invariable and unchanging, composed of ce
rtain steps or actions calculated to free the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-8}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 process:}{\f0 
 a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 process:}{\f0 
 a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing }{\f0 in this glossary.   \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0 *** a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 process: }{\f0 a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0 
 May 90
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 process: }{\f0 a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\ul process: }{\f0 a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1
Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process: }{\f0 a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 process:***}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 
(app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Scientology}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 
Dianetics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  a set of questions asked or commands given by a Scientology or Dianetics practitioner to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Dianetics }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 
Scientology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 process:}{\f0  give auditing to. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 process: }{\b\f0\ul (verb)}{\f0  to apply a Scientology process to another;}{\f0\ul  (noun) }{\f0 a set of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. }{
\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  auditor.}{\f0  \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 processed:}{\f0  addressed with a Scientology process. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 processed:}{\f0  given auditing. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 processed:}{\f0  given Scientology processes and procedures by a trained practitioner. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 processed:}{\f0  have Scientology processes and procedures applied to one by a trained practitioner. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 processed:}{\f0  have Scientology processes and procedures applied to one by a trained practitioner. This is called }{\f0\ul processing. }{\f0 
The exact definition of processing is: the action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. }{\f0\ul Processing}{\f0  is also called }{\f0\ul auditing }{
\f0 (}{\f0\ul see }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0  in this glossary). \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 processed:}{\f0  having had questions asked or commands given by an auditor which helped one find out things about himself or life and improved his condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 processed:}{\f0  required (someone) to answer questionnaires, perform various tasks and sometimes to undergo physical and aptitude classification examinations before the beginning or termination of a period of service.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 processes:}{\f0  continuous actions, operations or series of changes taking place in a definite manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 processes:}{\f0 
 sets of questions asked by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life. More fully, a process is a patterned action, done by the auditor and preclear under the auditor's direction, which is invariable and unchanging, composed of cer
tain steps or actions calculated to free the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processes:}{\f0  sets of questions asked or commands given by an auditor to help a person find out things about himself or life and to improve his condition. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 process, in: }{\f0 being processed, receiving auditing. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul (verb)}{\f0  applying processes to. (2) }{\f0\ul (noun)}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and ackn
owledging him for that answer. Also called auditing.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 applying Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment. The exact definition of processing is: the action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question a
nd acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul auditing. See }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul processing:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul auditing. See }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul auditing. See }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul auditing. See }{\b\f0\ul auditing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 processing: }{\f0 same as auditing. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul auditing. See }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 *** same as }{\f0\ul auditing. See }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul auditing. See }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment. The exac
t definition of processing is: the action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing: }{\f0 
the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment.  The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that
 question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing. See also }{\b\f0\ul process}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that 
question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment. The exact definition of processing is: the action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that 
question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing. \emdash 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their bett
erment. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0 
 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 processing: }{\f0 the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment.  The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a person a question (which he can understand a
nd answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing. See also }{\b\f0\ul processes}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment. The exact definition of processing is: the action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that 
question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment. The exact definition of processing is: the action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that 
question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:***}{\f0  the application of Dianetics and/or Scientology processes and proced
ures to individuals for their betterment.  The exact definition of processing is:*** The action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{
\f0\ul auditing. See also }{\b\f0\ul process}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 processing: }{\f0 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: the action of asking a preclear a questi
on (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowle
dging him for that answer. Also called auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 processing: }{\f0 
the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowled
ging him for that answer. Also called auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of proc
essing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowle
dging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowle
dging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing. \emdash PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact d
efinition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing. \emdash PDC Volume 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowle
dging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowle
dging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained aud
itor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowledging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and 
acknowledging him for that answer. Also called auditing.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowle
dging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0 
 the application of Dianetics or Scientology processes to someone by a trained auditor. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a preclear a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and acknowle
dging him for that answer. Also called }{\f0\ul auditing}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Dianetics, Scientology }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 process}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 processing:}{\f0  the application of Dianetics processes and procedures by a trained auditor. Also called auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 processing: }{\f0 
the application of Scientology processes and procedures to individuals for their betterment. The exact definition of processing is: The action of asking a person a question (which he can understand and answer), getting an answer to that question and ackno
wledging him for that answer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Process S2:}{\f0 *** a Scientology auditing process. For further information, see Academy Level IV course. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Process Zed:}{\f0  a made-up name for an unspecified process. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proclivities:}{\f0  natural or habitual tendencies or inclinations. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 proclivity:}{\f0  a natural or habitual tendency or inclination. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 procreate: }{\f0 beget or generate (offspring). \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 procreation:}{\f0  bringing (a living thing) into existence by the natural process of reproduction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 procreation:}{\f0  bringing living things into existence by the natural process of reproduction. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 procreation:}{\f0  bringing living things into existence by the natural process of reproduction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Procter and Gamble:}{\f0  a large American corporation which owns and operates numerous companies that produce popular brands of detergents, toiletries, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prodding:}{\f0  urging; nagging. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prodding:}{\f0  urging; nagging. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 prodigies: }{\f0 people, things or acts so extroardinary as to inspire wonder; specifically, a child of highly unusual talent or genius. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 producingness:}{\f0  state, quality or instance of producing. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Product 0}{\b\f0\ul  (Zero):}{\f0 *** the basic training courses for recruits into the Sea Org, resulting in a hatted Sea Org member. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Sea Org}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 product:}{\f0  a finished, high-quality service or article, in the hands of the being or group it serves, as an exchange for a valuable. That is a product. In other words, it isn't a product at all unless it's exchanged. Unless it's }{\f0\ul 
exchangeable}{\f0  it's not a product at all. Even an individual in an organization has to put his service or article in the hands of some other staff member before it could be called a product. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0 
 May 90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 product clearing:}{\f0  a procedure done with a person to establish and clear what his product is\'d1
this procedure can be done for any or all of the 21 departments of his own organizing board, for his post or for his hat in life. It consists of questions and actions designed to h
elp the person work out exactly what he should be producing and how to go about getting that product. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 production, make (something) into a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 dwell on or fuss over (something) needlessly. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Product Officer:}{\f0  the staff member who controls and operates the org and its staff to get production. He is there to get the final valuable products. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Org Officer}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Product Officer:}{\f0  the staff member who controls and operates the org and its staff to get production. He is there to get the final valuable products. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Org Officer}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Product Officer:}{\f0  the staff member who controls and operates the org and its staff to get production. He is there to get the final valuable products. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Org Officer}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 product officer:}{\f0 *** the staff member who controls and operates the org and its staff to get production. He is there to get the final valuable products. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Product Officer - Org Officer System: }{\f0 
that system wherein an Executive Director or Commanding Officer had (or was) a Product Officer. The Product Officer was supported by an Org Officer to keep the place organized. Further information on the Product Officer - Org Officer System is contained i
n the Flag Executive Briefing Course tapes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Product Officer }{\f0 and}{\b\f0  Org Officer}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Product Officer - Org Officer System: }{\f0 
that system wherein an Executive Director or Commanding Officer has (or is) a Product Officer. The Product Officer is supported by an Org Officer to keep the place organized. Further information on the Product Officer - Org Officer System is contained in 
the Flag Executive Briefing Course tapes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Product Officer }{\f0 and}{\b\f0  Org Officer}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 product officer - org officer system:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 
that system wherein an Executive Director or Commanding Officer has (or is) a Product Officer. The Product Officer is supported by an Org Officer to keep the place organized. Further information on the product officer - org officer system is contained in 
the Flag Executive Briefing Course (FEBC) tapes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Flag Executive Briefing Course}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Product - Org Officer System:}{\f0  that system wherein an Executive Director or Commanding Officer has (or 
is) a Product Officer. The Product Officer is supported by an Org Officer to keep the place organized. Further information on the Product Officer - Org Officer System is contained in the Flag Executive Briefing Course tapes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Product Officer }{\f0 and}{\b\f0  Org Officer}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Products 1, 2, 3 and 4:}{\f0 *** the different products involved in production. These are (1) the establishment of something that produces, (2) operating that which 
produces in order to obtain a product, (3) repairing or correcting that which produces and (4) repairing or correcting that which is produced. That makes a minimum of four products for any production cycle. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 profaned: }{\f0 treated (sacred things) with irreverence or contempt.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Professional Auditor Bulletin:}{\f0  (abbreviated }{\f0\ul PAB}{\f0 ) one of a series of issues written by L. Ron Hubbard in the 1950s. The content of these bulletins is t
echnical and promotional. Their intent was to give the professional auditor and his preclears the best possible processes and processing available at the moment it became available. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Professional Course:}{\f0 
 a course in Scientology which centered around recorded lectures between May and December 1954 by LRH covering such subjects as the historical and philosophical background of Scientology, the four conditions of existence, the Axioms of Scientology and sev
eral specific processes and application of Scientology in everyday life. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Professional Course:}{\f0  a course in Scientology which centered around the basic books by L. Ron Hubbard and the}{\f0\ul  Professional Course Booklets }{\f0 (also known as the }{\f0\ul 50 Course Booklets}{\f0 
). These booklets were compiled from transcripts of lectures given by Ron during the spring and summer of 1952. The tapes of these lectures were supplemented by the booklets and together they formed the materials of the Professional C
ourse. The course was six weeks in length and at the end of each week the students took an examination on what they had covered. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Professional School:}{\f0  a Scientology training institute located in Phoenix, Arizona in 1953. The HCA Course and higher levels of training were delivered here. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  HCA Course}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Professor Albert:}{\f0  Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955), German physicist, US citizen from 1940; formulated the theory of the conversion of mass into energy, opening the way for the development of the atomic bomb. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 
Einsteinian relativity}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Professor Blotz: }{\f0 a satirical, made-up name for a psychiatrist. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Professor Fromptf:}{\f0  a made-up name for a professor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Professor Snodgrass:}{\f0  a made-up name for a professor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Professor Whump:}{\f0  a made-up name for a professor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proffered:}{\f0  brought or put before a person for acceptance; offered, presented, tendered. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul profile:}{\f0  a graph which plots the ten traits of a person's character based upon a personality test administered to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul profile:}{\f0  a graph which plots the ten traits of a person's character based upon a personality test administered to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul profile:}{\f0  a graph which plots the ten traits of a person's character based upon a personality test administered to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul profile:}{\f0  a graph which plots the ten traits of a person's character based upon a personality test administered to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul profile:}{\f0  a graph which plots the ten traits of a person's character based upon a personality test administered to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 profile:}{\f0  an Oxford Capacity Analysis graph; a graph which plots the ten traits of a person's character based upon a personality test administered to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 profiles:}{\f0  American Personality Analysis graphs. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul APA}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 profiles:}{\f0  Oxford Capacity Analysis graphs; specially prepared graphs which plot ten traits of a person's character based upon a personality test administered to him. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 profiles:}{\f0  Oxford Capacity Analysis graphs; specially prepared graphs which plot ten traits of a person's character based upon a personality test administered to him.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 profiteer:}{\f0  a person who makes an unfair profit by taking advantage of public necessity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Profumo:}{\f0  John Dennis Profumo (1915 -  ), British secretary of state for war from 1960 until 5 June 1963. He resigned after admitting that he had lied to Parliament about an affair with C
hristine Keeler, who at the same time had been seeing Captain Yevgeni Ivanov, a Soviet attach\'e9
 in London. The moral and security aspects of the scandal fed newspaper headlines for weeks and nearly forced a general election to oust his Conservative Party. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Profumo:}{\f0  John Dennis Profumo (1915 -  ), British secretary of state for war from 1960 until 5 June 1963. He resigned after admitting that he had lied to Parliament about an affair with Christine Keeler, who at the same tim
e had been seeing Captain Yevgeni Ivanov, a Soviet attach\'e9 in London. The moral and security aspects of the scandal fed newspaper headlines for weeks and nearly forced a general election to oust his Conservative Party. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Profumo:}{\f0 
 reference to the case involving John Dennis Profumo (1915 -  ), British secretary of state for war from 1960 until 5 June 1963. He resigned after admitting that he had lied to Parliament about an affair with Christine Keeler, who at the same time had bee
n seeing Captain Yevgeni Ivanov, a Soviet attach\'e9 in London. The moral and security aspects of the scandal fed newspaper headlines for weeks and nearly forced a general election to oust his Conservative Party. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Profumo witnesses:}{\f0  reference to the witnesses brought before trial over the Profumo expos\'e9
 which concerned John Dennis Profumo (1915 - ), British secretary of state for war from 1960 until 5 June 1963 and Stephen Thomas Ward (1913 - 1963), British osteopath and society por
traitist. Ward had introduced a Christine Keeler to Profumo in the early 1960s. In March 1963, Profumo lied to Parliament about an affair he had with Christine Keeler, who at the same time had been seeing Captain Yevgeni Ivanov, a Soviet attach\'e9
 in London
. The moral and security aspects of the scandal fed newspaper headlines for weeks. Ward, who was on trial for living off the earnings of prostitutes, disclosed the fact that Profumo had lied to Cabinet members earlier that year. Keeler herself was the pri
nc
ipal witness at Ward's trial held during the summer, although in 1962 she had been convicted of perjury and conspiracy to obstruct justice with regards to two other affairs she had been involved in. Profumo resigned from office after confessing that he ha
d lied. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 progeny: }{\f0 children, descendants or offspring collectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 progeny: }{\f0 children, descendants or offspring collectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 progeny: }{\f0 children, descendants or offspring collectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 progeny:}{\f0  children, descendants or offspring collectively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 progeny:}{\f0  offspring; descendants. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prognosis:}{\f0  a forecast or forecasting; especially a prediction of the probable course of a disease in an individual and the chances of recovery. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prognosis:}{\f0  a prediction of the probable course of a disease in an individual and the chances of recovery. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prognostication:}{\f0  prediction, especially from signs or indications. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 program:}{\f0  any series of actions designed by a C/S to bring about definite results in a pc. A program usually includes several sessions.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 program:}{\f0  any series of actions designed by a C/S to bring about definite results in a pc. A program usually includes several sessions. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Auditor Administration (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 program:}{\f0  any series of actions designed by a C/S to bring about definite results in a pc. A program usually includes several sessions. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Program Case Supervisor:}{\f0  that person assigned the responsibility of overseeing the delivery of and ensuring the proper and exact application of all aspects of the Purification program to individual }{\f0\ul cases}{\f0 \'d1
persons being treated or helped. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Program Chief:}{\f0  the post in the Programs Branch which is responsible for getting programs executed in the orgs assigned to it. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Programs Branch}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 programed:}{\f0  drawn up with a }{\f0\ul program:}{\f0  any series of actions designed by a C/S to bring about definite results in a preclear. A program usually includes several sessions.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Case Supervisor }{\f0 and }{
\b\f0 preclear }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 programed: }{\f0 given the overall planning of the courses, auditing and study one should follow for the next extended time period. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 programed: }{\f0 given the overall planning of the courses, auditing and study one should follow for the next extended time period. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Programs Branch:}{\f0  a branch of the Operations Bureau, in the Flag Bureaux and FOLOs, which is responsible for getting evals and programs executed, resulting in viable, produc
tive and expanding orgs. Earlier Flag Bureaux org boards had Programs as a bureau in itself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Programs Bureau:}{\f0  a bureau in the Flag Bureaux responsible for getting evals and programs executed, resulting in viable, productive and expanding orgs. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 program scale:}{\f0  reference to the }{\f0\ul State of Case Scale,}{\f0  a scale devoted to chronic case level and useful in programing a case. For more information, see HCOB 8 June 63R, THE TIME TRACK AND ENGRAM RUNNING BY CHAINS BULLETIN 2, in 
}{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins }{\f0 Volume VII. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 progressive:}{\f0  a person who favors or strives for reform in politics, education or other fields. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Prohibition:}{\f0 
 a period in the United States (1920-1933) in which the manufacture, transportation, and sale of alcoholic liquors for beverage purposes were forbidden (prohibited) by Federal law. (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89

\par }{\b\f0 Prohibition:}{\f0  a period in the United States (
1920 - 1933) in which the manufacture, transportation, and sale of alcoholic liquors for beverage purposes were forbidden (prohibited) by Federal law. Most of the smuggling and distribution of illicit liquor was controlled by organized crime. \emdash }{
\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Prohibition:}{\f0  of or concerning the period (1920 - 1933) in the United States when the Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution was in force and alcoholic beverages could not legally be manufactured, transported or sold. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Prohibition:}{\f0 *** of or concerning the period (1920 - 1933) in the United States when the Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution was in force and alcoholic beverages could not legally be manufactured, transported or sold in the US. \emdash }
{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Prohibition:}{\f0  the period (1920 - 33) in the United States when the Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution was in force and alcoholic beverages could not legally be manufactured, transported or sold in the US. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth 
Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Project Clear:}{\f0 
 a Scientology campaign of the late 1950s involving various promotional and technical actions. The campaign was promoted both to Scientologists via magazines and other comm lines, and to the broad public via ads. Also called Operation Clear. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Project Clear:}{\f0  a Scientology campaign of the late 1950s involving various promotional and technical actions. The campaign was promoted both to Scientologists via magazines and other comm 
lines, and to the broad public via ads. Also called Operation Clear. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 projectiles:***}{\f0  objects made to be shot with force through the air, such as cannon shells, bullets or rockets.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 projection-model:}{\f0  a type of arrangement that projected the image of the needle dial of an E-Meter onto a screen so that it could be observed by an audience. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 projects:}{\f0  causes to move forward, or onward in any direction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Prokofiev: }{\f0 
the works of Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev (1891 - 1953) Russian composer. Toured the world as a pianist and conductor until 1938 when he returned to the USSR (Union of Soviet Socialist Republics). His early works are often harsh and strident; later pieces
 are lyrical, simplified and popular in style. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Prokofiev:}{\f0  the works of Sergei Sergeyvich Prokofiev (1891 - 1953), Russian composer. He t
oured the world as a pianist and conductor until 1938 when he returned to the USSR (Union of Soviet Socialist Republics). His early works are often harsh and strident; later pieces are lyrical, simplified and popular in style. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prolixity:}{\f0  tending to speak at great length. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prom:}{\f0  a ball or dance, as of a particular class at a school or college. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul promiscuity:}{\f0  having casual, random sexual relations. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 promiscuity:}{\f0  having casual, random sexual relations. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 promiscuous:}{\f0  having sexual relations with many people. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 promised (one) the sun, moon and stars:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul promised the moon: }{\f0 promised something impossible. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 promontory: }{\f0 a peak of high land that juts out into a body of water. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 promote:}{\f0  help bring about or further the growth or establishment of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 promotion:}{\f0 
 making something known and thought well of. In Scientology activities it means to send something out that will cause people to respond either in person or by their written order or reply to the end of applying Scientology service to or through the person
 or selling Scientology commodities, all to the benefit of the person and the solvency of the organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 promotion:}{\f0 
 making something known and thought well of. In Scientology activities it means to send something out that will cause people to respond either in person or by their written order or reply to the end of applying Scientology service to or through the person
 or selling Scientology commodities, all to the benefit of the person and the solvency of the organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 promotion:}{\f0  the act of making something known and thought well of. In Scientology activities, it means sending something out that will cause people to respond either in person or by their written order or reply. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Promotion Department:}{\f0  (also called the Department of Promotion and Marketing) the department responsible for sending out informative promotion (magazines, brochures, etc.) on all services and items the org delivers. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Prom-Reg:}{\f0  an abbreviation for the Department of Promotion and Registration.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Prom-Reg:}{\f0  an abbreviation for the Department of }{\f0\ul Prom}{\f0 otion and }{\f0\ul Reg}{\f0 istration. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 promulgation:}{\f0  the making known (of something) to the public; proclaiming. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 prone: }{\f0 disposed; liable; more than usually likely to suffer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prone:}{\f0  having a natural inclination or tendency to something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 
(app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prone:}{\f0  inclined; liable. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 pronoun:}{\f0  a word that is used in the place of a noun (a word that names a person, place or thing). The word }{\f0\ul pronoun}{\f0  comes from the Latin }{\f0\ul pro,}{\f0  instead of, in the place of + }{\f0\ul noun}{\f0 
. Examples of pronouns are }{\f0\ul he, she, it, them, theirs, etc.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pronouns:}{\f0  words that are used in the place of nouns (words that name a person, place or thing). The word }{\f0\ul pronoun}{\f0  comes from the Latin }{\f0\ul pro,}{\f0  instead of, in the place of + noun. Examples of pronouns are }{\f0\ul 
he, she, it, them, theirs, etc.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pronunciamento:}{\f0  a public declaration; proclamation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pronunciamentos:}{\f0  public declarations or pronouncements; proclamations. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pronunciation:}{\f0 *** the way something is said. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 proofed:}{\f0  made resistant or impervious to something.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 proofed up:}{\f0  made resistant or impervious to something. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proof of the pudding: }{\f0 a shortened version of the old proverb }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 proof of the pudding: }{\f0 a shortened version of the old proverb }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0  meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances
, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proof of the pudding:}{\f0  the true test of something. A shortened form of the expression }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 an old proverb meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 proof of the pudding is the eating, the:}{\f0  performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. A variation of the old proverb }{\f0\ul \ldblquote 
the proof of the pudding is in the eating.\rdblquote }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proof of this pudding: }{\f0 a portion of the expression }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 an old proverb meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul proof of this pudding: }{\f0 a shortened variation of the old proverb }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 proof (something) up:}{\f0  make (something) resistant or impervious. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 prop:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul property: }{\f0 a usually movable item, other than costumes or
 scenery, used on the set of a theater production, motion picture, etc.; any object handled or used by an actor in a performance. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 propaganda:}{\f0  information, ideas or rumors deliberately widely spread to help or harm a person, group, movement, institution, nation, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 propaganda:}{\f0  information, ideas or rumors deliberately widely spread to help or harm a person, group, movement, institution, nation, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 propagandists:}{\f0  people involved in producing or spreading propaganda. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul propaganda }{\f0 in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 prophets:}{\f0  persons who speak for God or a god, or as though under divine guidance. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 propitiate:}{\f0  act in a manner calculated to reduce the anger or win the favor of another; try to make calm or quiet. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 propitiate:}{\f0  attempt to appease or buy off some danger or imagined danger. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 propitiate:}{\f0  attempt to appease or buy off some danger or imagined danger. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 propitiation:}{\f0  a level of the Tone Scale at which one attempts to appease or buy off some danger or imagined danger. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 propitiation: }{\f0 the act of causing to become favorably inclined; winning or regaining the good will of; appeasing or conciliating.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 propitiation:}{\f0  the act of preventing or reducing the anger of; the act of winning the favor of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 propitiative:}{\f0  acting in a manner calculated to reduce the anger or win the favor of another; trying to make calm or quiet. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 propitiative:}{\f0  acting in a manner calculated to reduce the anger or win the favor of another; trying to make calm or quiet. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 propitiative:}{\f0  acting in a manner calculated to reduce the anger or win the favor of another; trying to make calm or quiet. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 propitiative:}{\f0  acting in a manner calculated to reduce the anger or win the favor of another; trying to make calm or quiet. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proposition: }{\b\f0\ul (US informal)}{\f0  a business enterprise; an affair to be dealt with; an undertaking. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 propound:}{\f0  put forward or offer for consideration, acceptance or adoption; set forth; propose.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 propounding preponderances:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning, basically, very important or significant propositions or questions. From }{\f0\ul propound}{\f0  (put forward; propose) and }{\f0\ul preponderance}{\f0 
 (something of greater weight, power, influence, importance, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 propoundous proponderance:}{\f0  a humorous play on \ldblquote profound utterance\rdblquote  to indicate the heavy significance of the question. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 propoundous propunderance:}{\f0  a humorous pronunciation of \ldblquote profoundest preponderance\rdblquote  from }{\f0\ul profoundest:}{\f0  of the deepest meaning; of the greatest and most broadly inclusive significance and }{\f0\ul 
preponderance: }{\f0 the fact or quality of being superior in power, influence, force, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proprietor:}{\f0  one who owns and operates a business establishment. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 proprietor:}{\f0  owner. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 propriety:}{\f0  conformity to established standards of good or proper behavior or manners.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 propsman:}{\f0 *** the person in a theatrical company who is responsible for securing, handling and storing }{\f0\ul props}{\f0  (short for }{\f0\ul properties}{\f0 
), which are the usually movable items, other than costumes or scenery, used on the set of a theater production, motion picture, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 props out from underneath, pull the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul pull the rug out. See also }{\b\f0\ul rug out from underneath, pulling the}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pros and cons:}{\f0  all that can be said for or against something. }{\f0\ul Pro }{\f0 is a Latin word meaning \ldblquote for\rdblquote . }{\f0\ul Con}{\f0  is a contraction of }{\f0\ul contra }{\f0 (Latin for \ldblquote against\rdblquote ). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 proscribe:}{\f0  prohibit as wrong or dangerous; condemn. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prose: }{\f0 speech or writing that is not poetry; ordinary language. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prose: }{\f0 speech or writing that is not poetry; ordinary language. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 prose:}{\f0 *** the ordinary form of spoken or written language, as distinguished from poetry or verse. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 prosepah:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 protagonist:}{\f0  the main character in a drama, novel or story, around whom the action centers. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 protein:}{\f0  an organic compound containing nitrogen occurring in plant and animal tissue and forming an essential part of the food of animals. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 protein hydrolysate:}{\f0  a protein compound formed by }{\f0\ul hydrolysis: }{\f0 a chemical decomposition in which a compound is split into other compounds by reacting with water. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Protestant:}{\f0  of or pertaining to the Protestant church, the Christian body that separated from the Catholic church in the 16th century religious movement for reform of certain doctrines and practices of the Catholic church. \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 protocol: }{\f0 
the code of ceremonial forms and courtesies, of precedence, etc., accepted as proper and correct in official dealings. For example, in the navy, there are certain courtesies which a junior officer observes in dealing with senior officers, including how to
 address senior officers, when to salute, when to remove the cap, etc. The standard form for a business letter or contract would also be an example of protocol. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 proton: }{\f0 one of the particles that make up the nucleus of an atom. A proton has a single positive electric charge. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary (Final approval 27.9.89) }{\f0 also }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 proton negatron nuncus:}{\f0  a coined phrase composed of }{\f0\ul proton: }{\f0 one of the positively charged particles that make up the nucleus of an atom; }{\f0\ul negatron: }{\f0 a negatively charged particle in an atom, and }{\f0\ul nuncus: }
{\f0 a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 protons: }{\f0 tiny particles found in the center of an atom. Protons have a positive electric charge. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 protoplasm:***}{\f0  essential living matter of cells. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 protoplasm: }{\f0 essential living matter of cells. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 protoplasm:}{\f0  the essential living matter of cells. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 protoplasmic:}{\f0  of or having to do with the essential living matter of cells. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 protoplasm line: }{\b\f0\ul see genetic line}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 protracted:}{\f0  drawn out, lengthened in duration; prolonged. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 proven-up:}{\f0  fully documented and demonstrated to be a fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 prove out:}{\f0  be established as correct or workable; be tested exhaustively. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prove out:}{\f0  be established as correct or workable; withstand exhaustive testing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prove out:}{\f0  establish (something) as correct or workable; test (a system or process) exhaustively. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 province:}{\f0  sphere or field of activity or authority as of a person; office, function or business. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 proving ground:}{\f0  a place, set of circumstances or area for testing something, as scientific equipment, a theory, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 proving (something) up:}{\f0  fully documenting (something) and demonstrating it to be a fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proviso:}{\f0  a condition or stipulation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proviso:}{\f0  a stipulation or condition. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 proviso:}{\f0  a stipulation or condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 proviso: }{\f0 something that is insisted upon as a condition of an agreement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 provocateurs:}{\f0  people who provoke trouble, cause dissension or the like; agitators. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 provocations:}{\f0  acts that anger, enrage or exasperate. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 provost marshal:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military) }{\f0 an officer acting as head of police in a camp or district and charged with the maintenance of order, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 provost marshal:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military) }{\f0 an officer acting as head of police in a camp or district and charged with the maintenance of order, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 provost marshal:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military) }{\f0 an officer acting as head of police in a camp or district and charged with the maintenance of order, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 provost marshal:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military) }{\f0 an officer acting as head of police in a camp or district and charged with the maintenance of order, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 proximity:}{\f0  nearness. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 proximity:}{\f0  nearness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 proximity:}{\f0  the state or quality of being near; nearness in space, time, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 proximity shell:}{\f0  a shell with a }{\f0\ul proximity fuze: }{\f0 a tiny detonating device set in the nose of a projectile that makes the shell explode when it comes within a certain distance of the target. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pr Pr 2:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Power Process 2,}{\f0  one of a series of Power Processes. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pr Pr 5:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Power Process 5,}{\f0  one of a series of Power Processes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Power Process}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 prudent:}{\f0  careful in providing for the future; having or showing foresight. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{
\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Prudential Insurance:}{\f0  the name of a large US insurance company. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Prudential Life Insurance:}{\f0  the name of a major life and health insurance company in the US. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 prudish:}{\f0  excessively proper or modest in speech, conduct, dress, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Prussianism:}{\f0 
 the militaristic spirit, system, policy or methods historically associated with the Prussians, the natives and inhabitants of the former state in north-central Germany which became a military power in the eighteenth century. The Prussians are often depic
ted as authoritarian, militaristic and extremely orderly, a characterization based on the unswerving obedience of their army. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pseudo-:}{\f0  combining form meaning \ldblquote closely or deceptively similar to (a specified thing),\rdblquote  as in }{\f0\ul pseudonurse, pseudomother, pseudofather, }{\f0 etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psoriasis:}{\f0  a chronic skin disease characterized by scaly, reddish patches. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psuckoanalysis:}{\f0  a derogatory pronunciation of }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis. See }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul PSY
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 p-sy-atrist: }{\f0 a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul psychiatrist. See }{\b\f0\ul psychiatrist }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psyche:}{\f0  a Greek word meaning }{\f0\ul spirit.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psyche:}{\f0  a Greek word meaning }{\f0\ul spirit.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psyche:}{\f0 *** a Greek word meaning }{\f0\ul spirit.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psyche:}{\f0  a Greek word meaning }{\f0\ul spirit.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psyche:}{\f0  a Greek word meaning }{\f0\ul spirit.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psyche:}{\f0  a Greek word meaning }{\f0\ul spirit.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2, 5, 19}{\f0 , 25 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psyche: }{\f0 a Greek word meaning }{\f0\ul spirit.}{\f0  \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 psychedelic: }{\f0 
of, pertaining to or noting any of various drugs producing a mental state characterized by a profound sense of intensified sensory perception, sometimes accompanied by severe perceptual distortion and hallucinations and by extreme feelings of either eupho
ria or despair. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric: }{\f0 of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry: }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric: }{\f0 of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry: }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatrist}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7, 13, 14, 19, 23, 25, 28, 29, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric: }{\f0 of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric: }{\f0 of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry,}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0 , the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry,}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry, }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatric: }{\f0 of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychiatry, }{\f0 the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychiatrically:}{\f0  like, characteristic of or suitable to psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychiatrico nutto:}{\f0  a humorous made-up term for a person with a severe mental illness. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrico nutto:}{\f0  a made-up nonsense term for a severe mental illness. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatric}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatric }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist: }{\f0 a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist: }{\f0 a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0 psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0 psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7, 13, 14, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry. See }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry,}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry,}{\f0  the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24, 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry,}{\f0  the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry,}{\f0  the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in }{\f0\ul psychiatry,}{\f0  the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3, 6, 4, 18, 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0 *** a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychiatrist:}{\f0 *** a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of }{\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0 , the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991

\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of }{\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0 , the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1, 8, 10, 11, 12, 15, 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist: }{\f0 a physician engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist: }{\f0 a physician engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist: }{\f0 a physician engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychiatrist: }{\f0 a physician engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:*** }{\f0 a physician engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychiatry, }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrists:}{\f0  a physician engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrists:}{\f0  physicians engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrists:}{\f0  physicians engaged in the practice of psychiatry. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychiatry}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrists:}{\f0  physicians engaged in the practice of psychiatry (the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders). \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrists:}{\f0  physicians engaged in the practice of psychiatry (the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders). \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrists:}{\f0  physicians engaged in the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrosis:}{\f0  a humorous coined word from }{\f0\ul psychiatr(y) }{\f0 and }{\f0\ul -osis}{\f0  meaning an abnormal or diseased condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatrosis:}{\f0  a humorously coined word from }{\f0\ul psychiatry}{\f0 , and }{\f0\ul -osis}{\f0 , a suffix occurring in nouns that denote actions, conditions or states, especially disordered or abnormal states. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
psychiatry }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry: }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 13, 14, 18, 19, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry: }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry: }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry: }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry: }{\f0 the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0 *** the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0 *** the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed medical practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychiatry:}{\f0  the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychiatry: }{\f0 the supposed practice or science of diagnosing and treating mental disorders. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychic:}{\f0  of or having to do with the psyche (soul). \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90

\par }{\b\f0 psychic:}{\f0  of or having to do with the psyche (the spirit) or mind. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychic:}{\f0  of or having to do with the psyche (the spirit) or mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 psychic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to the human soul or mind; mental (opposed to }{\f0\ul physical}{\f0 ). \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to the human soul or mind; mental (opposed to }{\f0\ul physical}{\f0 ). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to the human soul or mind; mental (opposed to }{\f0\ul physical}{\f0 ). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7, 11, 12, 22, 30, 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychic: }{\f0 that cannot be explained by natural or known physical laws; supernatural. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Student Edition}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 psychic:}{\f0  that seems to be sensitive to supernatural forces.\'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary, Student Edition.}{\f0  (The Eight Dynamics Glossary) Final approval 10/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  an individual who is psychotic: out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for on
ly a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is cons
idered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul psycho:}{\f0  an individual who is }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
: out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages
 or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less d
ramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psycho:}{\f0  an individual who is }{\f0\ul psychotic:}{\f0 
 out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages 
or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection w
ith the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic
. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  an individual who is }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
, out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a t
ime and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough
 to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  an individual who is psychotic. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0 *** an individual who is psychotic. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  an individual who is psychotic. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psycho: }{\f0 of or having to do with an individual who is psychotic. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychotics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul see }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho: }{\b\f0\ul See psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dange
rous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic: }{\f0 physically and mentally harmful; insane. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic,}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for onl
y a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are consider
ed dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic,}{\f0  an individual who is out of contact t
o a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathi
es) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no
 less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic,}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psycho
tics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic,}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a ti
me and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to 
be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic,}{\f0  a person characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul psychotic,}{\f0  a person characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul psychotic,}{\f0  a person characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic. See }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10, 15, 16, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho-analism:}{\f0  a derogatory alteration of the word }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis, }{\f0 combining the words }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul anal,}{\f0  with the suffix }{\f0\ul -ism }{\f0 (the doctrine, school or theory of). \emdash }{
\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psycho-analism:}{\f0  a derogatory play on the words }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul anal}{\f0  with an }{\f0\ul -ism}{\f0  ending. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #18, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psycho-analist: }{\f0 a derogatory play on the words }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul anal}{\f0  with an }{\f0\ul -ist}{\f0  ending. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed by Sigmund Freud in Austria in 1894.  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freudian analysis. }{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Scientology and Ability Cassette Glossary}{\f0  (The Eight Dynamics Glossary) Final approval 10/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The p
atient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The pra
ctitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequen
t failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the pra
ctitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of ab
erration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result 
and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist. It depended upon the fol
lowing practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to b
e the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for
 their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the pra
ctitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed 
by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, a
ccounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and 
neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden se
xual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises an
d incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the pra
ctitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and
 searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based
 upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul aberration }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy deve
loped in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transf
er of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines.
 Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939), Austrian physician and neurologist. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the pra
ctitioner brought about a tran
sfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual line
s. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy 
developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939). It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality 
to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later prov
ed to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched f
or hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false
 premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called Freudian analysis. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894
 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hid
den sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premi
ses and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the
 only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for thei
r lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The pat
ient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The pract
itioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent 
failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into 
all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoot
s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the pra
ctitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for
 the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each o
f these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own 
and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be ba
sed upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freu
d. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incid
ents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomple
te research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called Freudian analysis. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents be
lieved by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete rese
arch, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices
 for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause
 of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of r
esult and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called Freudian analysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by 
Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, acco
unting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its e
ffects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberra
tion. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and 
the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual sig
nificances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject 
and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for ye
ars while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and e
valuated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along se
xual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s perso
nality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points lat
er proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 18
94 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for h
idden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false pre
mises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Fre
ud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, account
ing for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices fo
r its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of
 aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of resu
lt and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freudians}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberrati
on. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and th
e subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and
 recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significanc
es into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its 
offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated 
them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought 
about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along
 sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a s
ystem of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's pe
rsonality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points 
later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality
 to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later pro
ved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by
 Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden
 sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises
 and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual i
ncidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and inco
mplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund
 Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual 
incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and inc
omplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the onl
y cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their la
ck of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient wa
s made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner
 read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure
 of the subject and its offshoots. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud, Sigmund }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitione
r read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failur
e of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhoo
d for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statemen
ts and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also call
ed }{\f0\ul Freudian analysis. See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances in
to all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offsh
oots. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 *** a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practiti
oner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the 
patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud }{
\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
*** a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patie
nt's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them fo
r the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Freud, Sigmund }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0  a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood 
for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements
 and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud, Sigmund}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances int
o all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offsho
ots. Also called }{\f0\ul Freudian analysis. See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: 
The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. Th
e practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subs
equent failure of the subject and its offshoots. Also called }{\f0\ul Freudian analysis. See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis:}{\f0 
 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient'
s personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be th
e only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for the
ir lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis: }{\f0 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis: }{\b\f0\ul see Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 Psychoanalysis Terminable and Interminable:}{\f0  reference to a number of papers written by Sigmund Freud and collected into several volumes. Volume V is titled }{\f0\ul Analysis, Terminable and Interminable}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Psychoanalysis, Terminable or Interminable\rdblquote :}{\f0  reference to a number of papers written by Sigmund Freud and collected into several volumes. Volume V is titled }{\f0\ul Analysis, Terminable and Interminable}{\f0 . \emdash }
{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysm:}{\f0  a coined term meaning the doctrine, school or theory of }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis, }{\f0 
a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's
 personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the o
nly cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their 
lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysm:}{\f0  a coined term meaning the doctrine, school or theory of }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho-anal-yst:}{\f0  a derogatory play on the words }{\f0\ul psychoanalyst}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul anal}{\f0 . A }{\f0\ul psychoanalyst }{\f0 
is one who practices psychoanalysis: a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brou
ght about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberrat
ion. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and t
he subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho-anal-yst: }{\f0 a derogatory play on the words }{\f0\ul psychoanalyst}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul anal}{\f0 . A }{\f0\ul psychoanalyst }{\f0 is one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysm }{\f0 in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycho-anal-yst: }{\f0 a derogatory play on the words }{\f0\ul psychoanalyst}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul anal}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalyst}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0 
 one who practices psychoanalysis: a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brough
t about a transfer of the patient's perso
nality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points lat
er proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis: a system o
f mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personali
ty to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later p
roved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0 
 one who practices psychoanalysis: a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brough
t about a transfer of the patient's personality to
 his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved
 to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis: }{\f0 a system of mental
 therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to hi
s own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to
 be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis: }{\f0 
a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's
 personality to his ow
n and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be 
based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis, a system of mental th
erapy developed by Sigmund Freud in Austria in 1894.  It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personal
ity to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later 
proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 18/11/89 (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0 
 one who practices psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while t
he practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated th
em for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul Freud }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0 
 one who practices psychoanalysis, a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud (1856 - 1939, Austrian physician and neurologist, founder of psychoanalysis). It depended upon the following practices for its effects: The patient was made t
o talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud to be the only ca
use of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting for their lack o
f result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis, }{\f0 a system of mental therapy developed in 1894 by Sigmund Freud. It depended upon the
 following practices for its effects: The patient was made to talk about and recall his childhood for years while the practitioner brought about a transfer of the patient's personality to his own and searched for hidden sexual incidents believed by Freud 
to be the only cause of aberration. The practitioner read sexual significances into all statements and evaluated them for the patient along sexual lines. Each of these points later proved to be based upon false premises and incomplete research, accounting
 for their lack of result and the subsequent failure of the subject and its offshoots. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0 *** one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0 *** one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychoanalysis. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9, 10, 14, 17, 19, 25, 28, 29, 30, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst:}{\f0  one who practices psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalysts:}{\f0  persons who practice psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalytic:}{\f0  of or having to do with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalytic:}{\f0  of or having to do with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14, 19, 29, 30, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalytic:}{\f0  of or having to do with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalytic: }{\f0 of or having to do with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalytic:}{\f0  of or having to do with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalytic:}{\f0  of or having to do with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychoanalytic:}{\f0 
 of or having to do with psychoanalysis, the mental therapy developed by Sigmund Freud in Austria in 1894. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalyst }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychoanalytic: }{\f0 
of or having to do with psychoanalysis, the mental therapy developed by Sigmund Freud in Austria in 1894. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freudian analysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul Operation Manual for the Mind.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89

\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyticaphobia:}{\f0  a humorously made-up name for a fear of psychoanalysis. From }{\f0\ul psychoanalytic: }{\f0 of or having to do with psychoanalysis, and }{\f0\ul phobia.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 and }{
\b\f0 phobia }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyzed:}{\f0  subjected to or treated with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyzed:}{\f0  subjected to or treated with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyzed:}{\f0  subjected to or treated with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyzed:}{\f0  subjected to or treated with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalyzed:}{\f0  subjected to or treated with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalyzed:}{\f0  subjected to or treated with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalyst }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyzed:}{\f0  treated or investigated by means of psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychoanalyzing:}{\f0  subjecting to or treating with psychoanalysis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul PSYCHOD
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychodrama:}{\f0  an effort to get the person to dramatize; if you can start them dramatizing, you can quite often shift them from engram to engram. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psycho-drams:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychogalvanometer:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (medical) }{\f0 a type of galvanometer for detecting and measuring changes in the electrical conductivity of the skin associated with emo
tional changes. It is one of the types of lie detectors supposedly used to determine if a person is telling the truth. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psycholocult:}{\f0  a joking combination of the words }{\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul cult.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychological:}{\f0  of or using psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychologist }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychological:}{\f0  of or using psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychological:}{\f0  of or using psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychological:}{\f0  of or using }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologically:}{\f0  of or using psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychological warfare:}{\f0  pertaining to the use of propaganda or other psychological means to influence or confuse the thinking, undermine the morale, etc., of an enemy or opponent. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist: }{\f0 one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychological }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist: }{\f0 one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7, 4, 11, 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 22, 25, 26, 30, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See}{\f0  }{\b\f0 psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0   one who practices psychology (the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect.) \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology (the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology (the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect). \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology (the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology, the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices psychology, the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to b
e happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0 *** one who practices psychology, the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0  Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 psychologist:}{\f0 *** one who practices psychology, the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychologist:}{\f0  one who practices }{\f0\ul psychology,}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychologists:}{\f0  one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychologists:}{\f0 *** one who practices psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychologists:}{\f0  persons who practice psychology, the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms which states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychologists:}{\f0  practitioners of psychology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologists: }{\f0 practitioners of }{\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  (the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect).  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychologists:}{\f0  practitioners of }{\f0\ul psychology}{\f0  (the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that, \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect). \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychologosis:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul psychology}{\f0 , and }{\f0\ul -osis,}{\f0  a suffix meaning an abnormal or diseased condition. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  a cult which rose and expired in the first half of the twentieth century.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  of or having to do with the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  of or having to do with the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote 
 In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  originally the study of the spirit (}{\f0\ul psyche }{\f0 spirit + }{\f0\ul ology }{\f0 study of). In 1879 it was altered severely by Wilhelm Wundt,
 a Marxist at Leipzig University in Germany. He conceived that man was an animal without soul and based all of his work on this principle. Psychology thereafter became the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Its code word was: \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0 *** the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It stated that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. }{\f0\ul See also 
}{\b\f0\ul stimulus-response}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 effect}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 9, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 22, 25, 26, 30, 31, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. }{\f0\ul  \emdash 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote 
Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote 
Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9
}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0 *** the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. It states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychology:}{\f0  the study of the human brain and stimulus-response mechanisms. Psychology states that \ldblquote Man, to be happy, must adjust to his environment.\rdblquote  In other words, man, to be happy, must be a total effect. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychometric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychometry,}{\f0  the measurement of the duration, force, interrelations, or other aspects of mental processes, as by psychological tests.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 
(app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychometric:}{\f0  of or having to do with }{\f0\ul psychometry,}{\f0  the measurement of the duration, force, interrelations, or other aspects of mental processes, as by psychological tests. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychometric test:}{\f0  a test for the measurement of mental traits, abilities and processes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychometric testing:}{\f0  tests for the measurement of mental traits, abilities and processes. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Psychometric Testing Bureau: }{\f0 an agency engaged in testing people to measure their mental traits, abilities and processes. --}{\f0\ul compiled form Random House 2nd International Dictionary.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89

\par }{\b\f0 psychometric tests:}{\f0  tests for the measurement of mental traits, abilities and processes. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychometric tests:}{\f0  tests for the measurement of mental traits, abilities and processes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychometrist:}{\f0  one specialized in the measurement of mental traits, abilities and processes. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Oxford American Dictionary}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final appro
val 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 psychometry:}{\f0  measurement of psychological variables, as intelligence, aptitude and emotional disturbance. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychometry:}{\f0  measurement of psychological variables, as intelligence, aptitude and emotional disturbance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychometry:}{\f0  the measurement of mental processes, as by psychological tests. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychometry:}{\f0  the measurement of mental processes, as by psychological tests. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychometry:}{\f0  the measurement of mental traits, abilities and processes. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoneurotic:}{\f0  neurotic: exhibiting behavior characteristic of one who is insane or disturbed on some subject (as opposed to a psychotic, who is just insane in general).  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychoneurotic:}{\f0  neurotic: exhibiting behavior characteristic of one who is insane or disturbed on some subject (as opposed to a psychotic, who is just insane in general).  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 30.3.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychopath: }{\f0 
a person whose behavior is largely amoral and asocial and who is characterized by irresponsibility, lack of remorse or shame, perverse or impulsive (often criminal) behavior and other serious personality defects, generally without psychotic attacks or sym
ptoms. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul psychopath:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0 
 a person whose behavior is largely amoral (without morals) and asocial (not social) and who is characterized by irresponsibi
lity, lack of remorse or shame, perverse or impulsive (often criminal) behavior, and other serious personality defects, generally without psychotic attacks or symptoms. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychopathic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul psychopaths:}{\f0 
 people whose behavior is largely amoral (without morals) and asocial (not social) and who are characterized by irresponsibility, lack of remorse or shame, perverse or impulsive (often criminal) behavior, and other serious personality defects, generally w
ithout psychotic attacks or symptoms. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychopathic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul psychopaths:}{\f0 
 people whose behavior is largely amoral (without morals) and asocial (not social) and who are characterized by irresponsibility, lack of remorse or shame, perverse or impulsive (often criminal) behavior, and other serious personality defects, generally w
ithout psychotic attacks or symptoms. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychopathic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul psychopaths:}{\f0 
 people whose behavior is largely amoral (without morals) and asocial (not social) and who are characterized by irresponsibility, lack of remorse or shame, perverse or impulsive (often criminal) behavior, and other serious personality defects, generally w
ithout psychotic attacks or symptoms. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychopathic personalities: }{\b\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0  people whose behavior is largely amoral (without morals) and asocial (not social) and who are characterized by irresponsibility, lack of remorse
 or shame, perverse or impulsive (often criminal) behavior, and other serious personality defects, generally without psychotic attacks or symptoms. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psycho-quack:}{\f0  a coined word for a person who pretends skill or knowledge in the field of the mind and spirit. Variation of the word }{\f0\ul quack, }{\f0 
meaning a person who pretends, professionally or publicly, to skill, knowledge or qualifications he or she does not possess. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychos:}{\f0  individuals who are psychotic. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychotics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychos:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul psychotics,}{\f0  persons who are physically or mentally harmful to those about them out of proportion to the amount of use they are to them.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk to SH and WW Ethics Officers}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychoses:}{\f0  conflicts of commands which seriously reduce the individual's ability to solve his problems in his environment to a point where he cannot adjust some vital phase of his environmental needs. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evo
lution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychoses: }{\f0 per psychiatry, major forms of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 psychoses:}{\f0  severe forms of mental disorder; insanities. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0 *** any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0   any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk to SH and WW Ethics Officers}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis: }{\f0 any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:***}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychotic }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 1, 3, 4, 23, 25, 26, 27, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychosis:}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0 
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosis: }{\f0 per psychiatry, any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote 
 Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. Technically, in this science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote 
 Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. Technically, in this science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{
\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote  Such illnesses account for about seventy percent of all ills, by popular report. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote  Such illnesses account for about seventy percent of all ills, by popular report. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{
\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote  Such illnesses account for about seventy percent of all ills, by popular report. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{
\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychosomatic:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote  Such illnesses account for about seventy percent of all ills, by popular report. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote  Such illnesses account for about seventy percent of all ills, by popular report. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{
\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic: }{\f0 caused by the mind making the body ill, or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by derangement of the mind. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic: }{\b\f0\ul psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body; the term }{\f0\ul psychosomatic}{\f0 
 means the mind making the body ill or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by derangement of the mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body; the term }{\f0\ul psychosomatic}{\f0 
 means the mind making the body ill or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by derangement of the mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic: }{\b\f0\ul psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body; the term }{\f0\ul psychosomatic}{\f0 
 means the mind making the body ill or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by derangement of the mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic: }{\b\f0\ul psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body; the term }{\f0\ul psychosomatic}{\f0 
 means the mind making the body ill or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by derangement of the mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic: }{\b\f0\ul psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body; the term }{\f0\ul psychosomatic}{\f0  means the mind making the body ill or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by deran
gement of the mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic: }{\f0 the mind making the body ill or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by derangement of the mind. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatically:}{\f0  of or characteristic of the mind making the body ill or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by derangement of the mind. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0 
 refers to body. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic ill:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote  Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
psychosomatic }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic illness:}{\f0  (1) }{\f0\ul psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body; the term }{\f0\ul psychosomatic}{\f0 
 means the mind making the body ill or illnesses which have been created physically within the body by derangement of the mind. (2) a term used in common parlance to denote a condition \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote 
 Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. Technically, in this science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 
(app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic illness:}{\f0  an illness that is caused or aggravated by mental stress. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic illness:}{\f0  an illness that is caused or aggravated by mental stress. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic illness:}{\f0  illness that is caused or aggravated by mental stress. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic illness:}{\f0  illness that is caused or aggravated by mental stress. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic illness:}{\f0  illness that is caused or aggravated by mental stress. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic illnesses:}{\f0  illnesses that is caused or aggravated by mental stress. }{\f0\ul Psycho}{\f0  refers to mind and }{\f0\ul somatic}{\f0  refers to body. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatic ills:}{\f0 *** a term used in common parlance to denote conditions \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote  Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. Technically, in t
his science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatics:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote conditions \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote 
 Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. Technically, in this science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatics:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote conditions \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote 
 Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. Technically, in this science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{
\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatics:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote conditions \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote  Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, b
y popular report. Technically, in this science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatics:}{\f0  a term used in common parlance to denote conditions \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote 
 Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. Technically, in this science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul facsimiles }{\f0 
and }{\b\f0 preclear }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychosomatics:}{\f0 *** a term used in common parlance to denote conditions \ldblquote resulting from a state of mind.\rdblquote 
 Such illnesses account for about 70 percent of all ills, by popular report. Technically, in this science, a chronic or continuing painful facsimile to which the preclear is holding to account for failures. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapist: }{\f0 person who treats mental conditions by counseling, Freudian analysis, etc. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Freudian analysis.}{\f0  \'d1Editor; }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Student Edition}{\f0 
 (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapist: }{\f0 person who treats mental conditions by counseling, Freudian analysis, etc. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Freudian analysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychotherapy:}{\f0  a treatment of a mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychotherapy:}{\f0  a treatment of a mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, etc. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0 
 treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0 *** treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychoanalysis}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotherapy:}{\f0  treatment of mental disorder by any of various means including suggestion, counseling, psychoanalysis, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to ot
hers are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present-time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments (as in rages or ap
athies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis ar
e no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute 
psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who a
re dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  an indiv
idual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain enviro
nments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on
 a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the futur
e and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occ
asionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Ps
ychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does
 not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnect
ion with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to
 be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in
 a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are 
no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a fe
w minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dan
gerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his presen
t time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychoti
c, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment 
and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmf
ul to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)

\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certa
in environments
 (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a les
s dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into t
he future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and
 present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{
\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain envir
onments (as in rages or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to b
e put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  a person characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  a person characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  a person characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  a person characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  a person physically or mentally harmful to those about him, out of proportion to the amount of use he is. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  a person physically or mentally harmful to those about him, out of proportion to the amount of use he is. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  a person suffering from psychosis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychosis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic: }{\f0 a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival.}{\f0  (The Eight Dynamics Glossary) Final approval 10/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic: }{\f0 characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0 
 is classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. In psychiatry, }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0  is any major form of mental affliction or disease. In Scientology, a }{\f0\ul psychotic}{\f0  is 
classified as a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  characterizing a person who is physically or mentally harmful to those about him out of proportion to the amount of use he is to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  insane; characterized by psychosis. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  like an individual who is out of contact 
to a thorough extent with his present time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apath
ies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are n
o less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 like an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and is not computing into the future. A person may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally i
n certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics
 who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 of or pertaining to an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with his present-time environment and who does not compute into the future. He may be an acute psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only o
ccasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. 
Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic: }{\f0 of or pertaining to an individual who is out of contact to a thorough extent with
 the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages and apathies) or it may be a chronic cond
ition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their
 environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to psychoses, major forms of mental affliction or disease; insane. \'d1}{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to psychoses, major forms of mental affliction or disease; insane. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul psychosis}{\f0 , any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{
\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic: }{\f0 of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul psychosis,}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic: }{\f0 of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul psychosis,}{\f0  any severe form of mental disorder; insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul psychosis. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychosis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychotic:}{\f0  out of contact to a thorough extent with his present time environment and not computing into the future. A person may be an acute
 psychotic wherein he becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or he may be a chronic psychotic, or in a continual disconnection with the future and present. Psychotics who 
are dramatically harmful to others are considered dangerous enough to be put away. Psychotics who are harmful on a less dramatic basis are no less harmful to their environment and are no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages 
or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful 
on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages 
or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who 
is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0\ul psychotic:}{\f0 
 out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages 
or apathies) o
r it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis i
s no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychotic:}{\f0  out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The con
dition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psycho
tic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages 
or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person w
ho is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0 
 out of contact to a thorough extent with the present time environment and not computing into the future. The condition may be acute wherein one becomes psychotic for only a few minutes at a time and only occasionally in certain environments (as in rages 
or apathies) or it may be a chronic condition, or a continual disconnection with the future and present. A 
psychotic person who is dramatically harmful to others is considered dangerous enough to be put away. A psychotic person who is harmful on a less dramatic basis is no less harmful to their environment and is no less psychotic. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  physically and mentally harmful; insane. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  physically and mentally harmful; insane. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  physically and mentally harmful; insane. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  physically or mentally harmful to those about one, out of proportion to the amount of use one is. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  physically or mentally harmful to those about one, out of proportion to the amount of use one is. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic:}{\f0  suffering from psychosis. Also used to refer to someone in such a state. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychosis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotically:}{\f0  characterized by or afflicted with psychosis. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul psychosis }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psychotic break:}{\f0  a mental collapse or breakdown whereby a person is severely disoriented and/or introverted. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic break:}{\f0  a term from psychiatry describing a mental collapse or breakdown, whereby a person is severely disoriented and/or introverted. Used figuratively here. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic break:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry) }{\f0 a mental collapse or breakdown whereby a person is severely disoriented and/or introverted. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotic break:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychiatry) }{\f0 a mental collapse or breakdown whereby a person is severely disoriented and/or introverted. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotics:}{\f0  persons who are physically or mentally harmful to those about them out of proportion to the amount of use they are to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 psychotics: }{\f0 persons who are physically or mentally harmful to those about them out of proportion to the amount of use they are to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psychotics:}{\f0  persons who are physically or mentally harmful to those about them out of proportion to the amount of use they are to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psykooatrist:}{\f0  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul psychiatrist. See }{\b\f0\ul psychiatrist}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psykookatrist:}{\f0  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul psychiatrist. See }{\b\f0\ul psychiatrist}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psyrologist:}{\f0  a coined variation of }{\f0\ul psychologist.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychologist}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psyrologist:}{\f0  a coined variation of }{\f0\ul psychologist.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5,6,7,8,28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul psyrologist:}{\f0  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul psychologist.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul psychologist}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psyrologists:}{\f0  a humorous made-up word for }{\f0\ul psychologists. \emdash OT 6 - Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 psyrology:}{\f0  a coined variation of }{\f0\ul psychology. See also }{\b\f0\ul psychology }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psyrology:}{\f0  a coined variation of }{\f0\ul psychology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 psyrology:}{\f0  a coined variation of }{\f0\ul psychology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul PT -
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 P-39:}{\f0  American fighter aircraft of World War II. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 PT:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul present time.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 PT:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime, the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PT:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul present time, }{\f0 the time which is now and which becomes the past almost as rapidly as it is observed. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in now. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{
\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PT:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul present time.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul present time }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PT:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul present time:}{\f0  the time which is now, rather than in the past. It is a term loosely applied to the environment existing in the present. A person said to be \ldblquote out of present time\rdblquote 
 would be someone whose attention is fixed on past events to such an extent that he is not fully aware of or in communication with his actual present environment. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 PTA:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 arent-}{\f0\ul T}{\f0 eacher }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
ssociation, an organization of the parents and teachers of a school, established to improve the environment of the community for children, especially by supporting the activities of the school. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 PT boat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US military)}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 atrol }{\f0\ul T}{\f0 orpedo boat, a small, fast, lightly armed, unarmored and highly maneuverable boat used chiefly for torpedoing enemy shipping. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ptomaine poisoning:}{\f0 
 a name for food poisoning, the sickness  resulting from eating food contaminated by either bacterial toxins or by certain bacteria, often causing vomiting, diarrhea and prostration (physical or mental exhaustion). So named as it was earlier thought to be
 caused by ptomaines (substances found in decaying animal or vegetable matter). }{\f0\ul Ptomaine}{\f0  comes from the Greek word for }{\f0\ul corpse}{\f0 .  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PTP:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 roblem. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul present time problem}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 PTP:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 roblem. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul present time problem}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PTP:}{\f0 *** abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 roblem. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul present time problem}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 PTP:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 roblem: a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul PT problem:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul present time problem:}{\f0  a special problem that exists in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote  on w
hich the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 PTPs: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 roblems. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul present time problem}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 PTPs:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 roblems. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul present time problem}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PTPs:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 roblems. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul present time problem}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 PTPs:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 resent }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 ime }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 roblem}{\f0\ul s}{\f0 . }{\b\f0\ul Present time problem}{\f0\ul s }{\f0 are special problems that exist in the physical universe \ldblquote now\rdblquote 
 on which the pc has his attention fixed. It is any set of circumstances that so engages the attention of the preclear that he feels he should be doing something about it instead of being audited. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 PTS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 otential }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 rouble }{\f0\ul s}{\f0 ource: a person who is in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. They are called a }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0 
 trouble source because they can be a lot of trouble to themselves and to others.}{\f0\ul  \emdash OEC - A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul PTS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 otential}{\f0\ul  t}{\f0 rouble}{\f0\ul  s}{\f0 ource, a person who is in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. They are called }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0 
 trouble sources because they can be a lot of trouble to themselves and to others.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul SP}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 PTS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 otential }{\f0\ul T}{\f0 rouble }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ource (PTS) persons who are in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. They are called }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0 
 trouble sources because they can be a lot of trouble to themselves and to others. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul PTS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 otential}{\f0\ul  t}{\f0 rouble}{\f0\ul  s}{\f0 ource.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul potential trouble source}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul PTS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 otential}{\f0\ul  t}{\f0 rouble}{\f0\ul  s}{\f0 ource.}{\f0\ul  See }{\b\f0\ul potential trouble sources}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PTS:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul potential trouble source. See }{\b\f0\ul potential trouble sources}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 PTS: }{\b\f0\ul Potential Trouble Source:}{\f0  in some way connected to and being adversely affected by a suppressive person. Someone who is PTS is called a }{\f0\ul potential}{\f0  trouble source because he can be a lot of trouble to h
imself and to others.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 PTS Rundown:}{\f0  an audited rundown delivered to someone who is PTS consisting of several actions, that when completed, result in the pc being able to get and keep case gain, and never again roller-coaster. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pub:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a bar or tavern. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pub: }{\f0\ul (colloquial, chiefly British)}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul public house:}{\f0  a bar or tavern. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 pub:}{\f0  public house\'d1as a saloon or tavern. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 public:}{\f0  pertaining to or devoted to the welfare or well-being of the community. \emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Public Division:}{\f0  that section of a Scientology church that contacts new people and provides services to them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Public Divisions:}{\f0  the three divisions of an org which are responsible for introducing new people to Dianetics and Scie
ntology and delivering basic introductory training and auditing to them. The Public Divisions also work toward improving the community with community services and charity activities. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Public Enemy Number One:}{\f0  (not in official use) a criminal at the top of the FBI's list of the ten most wanted criminals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition }{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Public Executive Secretary:}{\f0  one of the organization's three executive secretaries, senior to the three Public Divisions of the organization. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 public health:}{\f0 
 measures taken to maintain and improve the general level of health, as by preventive medicine, immunization, sanitation and the organization of medical and hospital facilities. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Public Health Service:}{\f0 
 an agency of the United States government concerned with control of interstate spread of disease, protection against the importation of disease, care of the health of certain government employees, and performing a large amount of research on diseases. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Public Local Number 18:}{\f0  a made-up name for a US public school (a free school maintained by taxes, especially elementary or secondary school). In the US, schools in large metropolitan school districts are often numbered rather than named. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 public works:}{\f0  things built by the government at public expense and for public use, such as roads, docks, canals, etc.\'d1}{\f0\ul Scott, Foresman Advanced Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 public works:}{\f0  things built by the government at public expense and for public use, such as roads, docks, canals, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pubs:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Publications Organization,}{\f0  an organization responsible for the publication, distribution and sales of L. Ron Hubbard's books and tapes as well as other Dian
etics and Scientology dissemination materials via trade outlets, Scientology and Dianetics organizations, missions and units. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Pubs Org:}{\f0  the Scientology publications organization. At the time of this lecture there was only one, located at Saint Hill. It was responsible for the promotion, sales and distribution of LRH books, tapes and meters worldwide. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pubs Orgs:***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Publications Organizations,}{\f0  the orgs which publish L. Ron Hub
bard's books and materials. Bridge Publications, Inc. (based in Los Angeles, CA) is the Pubs Org in the US and NEW ERA Publications International (with headquarters in Denmark) is the Pubs Org outside the US. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{
\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Pubs US:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Publications Organization United States,}{\f0 
 an organization responsible for the publication, distribution and sales of L. Ron Hubbard's books and tapes as well as other Dianetics and Scientology dissemination materials via trade outlet
s, Scientology and Dianetics organizations, missions and units. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puckish: }{\f0 mischievous; impish. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 pudding, proof of the:}{\f0  a shortened version of the old proverb }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pudding, proof of the:}{\f0  a shortened version of the old proverb }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pudding, proof of this:}{\f0  a shortened version of the old proverb }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pudding, proof of this:}{\f0  a shortened version of the old proverb }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pudding, test of any:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating. See }{\b\f0\ul pudding, proof of this }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pudding, test of the:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0  meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pudding, test of this:}{\f0  a variation of the proverb }{\f0\ul the proof of the pudding is in the eating,}{\f0 
 meaning that performance is the true test, not appearances, promises, etc.; just as the best test of a pudding is to eat it, not just look at it. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puddle around:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  busy oneself in an untidy or disorderly way; to muddle or mess about. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puerperal fever: }{\f0 a poisoned state of the birth canal and the bloodstream occurring at childbirth. Also called childbed fever. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Puerto Rico:}{\f0  an island in the central West Indies (a group of islands located in the north Atlantic between North and South America). \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 Puerto Rico:}{\f0  an island in the central West Indies (a group of islands located in the north Atlantic between North and South America). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pugnacious:}{\f0  eager and ready to fight; quarrelsome; combative. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pugnacity:}{\f0 *** eagerness to fight; aggressiveness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Pujas River Project:}{\f0  a made-up name for a project. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pull:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  influence or special advantage. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pull:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  put into effect; carry out; perform. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pulled:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  carried out; performed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pulled:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  carried out; performed. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pulled:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  carried through; performed, as a trick, joke, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 pulled: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  carried through; performed, as a trick, joke, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pulled a couple of rabbits out of the hat:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul produced the rabbit out of the hat,}{\f0 
 produced unexpectedly an answer or solution, etc., when success appears impossible or the situation seems hopeless; an allusion to the magician's art. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pulled the rabbit out of the hat:}{\f0  found or obtained a sudden solution to a problem. From the traditional stage magician's trick of pulling a rabbit out of a seemingly empty hat. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #11, Approved November 1990}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 pulling the needle down:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul shaking a meter down.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul shaking a meter down }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 pulling the punches:}{\f0  acting or speaking with fear, caution or hesitation; being overly restrained. \'d1}{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (The Eight Dynamics Glossary) Final approval 10/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 pulling the rug out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  removing the support of (a theory, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pulling the rug out from underneath:}{\f0  ceasing to give important support or help to (someone or something), especially without giving any warning. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 pull out:}{\f0  withdraw from a situation or commitment. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pull (something) off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  perform (something) successfully, especially something difficult. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pull the rug out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  remove the support of (a theory, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pull up (one's) socks: }{\f0 pull (oneself) together and endeavor to do better. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pulmotor:}{\f0  a trademark for a device that gives artificial respiration by forcing oxygen into the lungs. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pulmotor:}{\f0  a trademark for a device that gives artificial respiration by forcing oxygen into the lungs. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pulp:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 
a magazine printed on rough paper and devoted to adventure, science fiction, cowboy stories, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pulp:}{\f0  the soft inner part of a tooth, containing blood vessels and nerves. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }
{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pulse, finger on the:}{\f0  knowledge of the tendency or drift of something. A figurative use of the practice of checking a person's pulse (beating of the heart) by putting one's fingers on the wrist. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pulverize: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)\~}{\f0 defeat, hurt badly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pulverized: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)\~}{\f0 defeated, hurt badly or, figuratively, rendered helpless. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pumjum:}{\f0  a made-up name of a country. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 pummeling:}{\f0  beating or thrashing with or as if with the fists. 
\par }{\b\f0 pumped up:}{\f0  inflated, as if by air. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pumpkin:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a stupid, self-important person. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pumpkin Center:}{\f0  a made-up name for a place, from }{\f0\ul pumpkin: }{\f0 a small town or rural community; a rustic place; a town in the sticks (rural or suburban areas). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pumpkin Center:}{\f0  a made-up name for a place, from }{\f0\ul pumpkin: }{\f0 a small town or rural community; a rustic place; a town in the sticks (rural or suburban areas). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)

\par }{\b\f0 pumpkins, some:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  someone very effective, impressive, etc. The expression possibly comes from the fact that in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries a man or woman of Boston was sometimes called a}{\f0\ul 
 pumpkin}{\f0  because of the number of pumpkins raised and eaten there. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pump-priming:}{\f0  a variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul priming the pump: }{\f0 giving financial aid to an enterprise in the hope that it will become self-supporting. From starting a pump working by pouring in water to establish suction. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pump up:}{\f0  get worked up by great effort. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Punahs:}{\f0  a made-up name for a tribe. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Punch\rdblquote :}{\f0  a well-known comic weekly journal, published in London. It first appeared in 1841 under the editorship of Mark Lemon and Henry Mayhew. The cover design for many issues featured the assumed editor, \ldblquote 
Mr. Punch,\rdblquote  the hero in the puppet play \ldblquote Punch and Judy,\rdblquote  frequently seen in England. Punch has a humped back, a hooked nose and a fierce temper. He was constan
tly beating people with his stick, including Judy (his wife) and their baby. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch:}{\f0 *** forceful, vigorous or effective quality in an activity or in anything spoken or written; vigor, weight, effectiveness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 punch:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 vigorous force or effectiveness. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Punch, alive as:}{\f0  very much alive. From }{\f0\ul Punch, }{\f0 
the main character in puppet shows frequently seen in England. Punch had a humped back, a hooked nose and a fierce temper. He was constantly beating people with his stick, including Judy (his wife) and their baby. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Punch and Judy\rdblquote :}{\f0  the two characters, husband and wife, in puppet shows frequently seen in England. Punch had a 
humped back, a hooked nose and a fierce temper. He was constantly beating people with his stick, including Judy and their baby. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch around:}{\f0  poke or prod. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 punch around:}{\f0  poke or prod. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch around:}{\f0  poke or prod. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punched protein molecule theory:}{\f0  a theory originated in Vienna that there are ten holes in a protein molecule and that one stores a thousand memories in each hole. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 punched-tape card:}{\f0  a card with holes or notches positioned in it for interpretation by an automatic data-processing machine or for quick mechanical selection. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 punched the time clock:}{\f0  put a timecard into the time clock (a clock with a mechanism for recording on a card the time an employee begins and ends a work period). \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punched up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 enhanced or accentuated. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punches, pulling the:}{\f0  acting or speaking with fear, caution or hesitation; being overly restrained. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Punch, friendly as:}{\f0  very friendly. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul pleased as Punch,}{\f0  which comes from }{\f0\ul Punch, }{\f0 
the main character frequently seen in puppet shows, especially in England, who outwits and triumphs over ennui, disease, death and the devil. Punch is always singing with self-satisfaction
 in his naughty ways and is conspicuously pleased and proud over his ultimate victory. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 punch home:}{\f0 *** show clearly; emphasize; make (someone) realize; demonstrate. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 punch home:}{\f0  show clearly; emphasize; make (someone) realize; demonstrate. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punching something home:}{\f0  showing something clearly; emphasizing something; demonstrating something. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punching (something) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  improving (something); increasing the energy, impressiveness, etc., of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Punch, pleased as:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very pleased; delighted. From }{\f0\ul Punch, }{\f0 
the main character frequently seen in puppet shows, especially in England, who outwits and triumphs over ennui, disease, death and the devil. Punch is always singing with self-satisfaction in his naughty ways and is conspicuously pleased and proud over hi
s ultimate victory. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Punch, pleased as:}{\f0  very pleased. From }{\f0\ul Punch, }{\f0 
the main character frequently seen in puppet shows, especially in England, who outwits and triumphs over ennui, disease, death and the devil. Punch is always singing with self-satisfaction in his naughty ways and is conspicuously pleased and proud over hi
s ultimate victory. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Punch, proud as:}{\f0  very proud. A variation of the phrase \ldblquote pleased as Punch.\rdblquote  From }{\f0\ul Punch, }{\f0 the main character frequently seen in puppet shows, especially in England, 
who outwits and triumphs over ennui, disease, death and the devil. Punch is always singing with self-satisfaction in his naughty ways and is conspicuously pleased and proud over his ultimate victory. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 punch, pull a:}{\f0  soften a blow; be lenient and moderate. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch (something) home:}{\f0  show (something) clearly; emphasize (something); make (someone) realize; demonstrate (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch (something) home:}{\f0  show (something) clearly; emphasize (something); make (something) realized; demonstrate (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch (something) up: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 enhance, accentuate or heighten the effect of (something).  \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch (something) up: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  improve (something); increase the energy, impressiveness, etc., of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch (something) up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  improve (something); increase the energy, impressiveness, etc., of (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 punch, throw a total:}{\f0  attack without restraint. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 punch-up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 enhancement or accentuation. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 punch-up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 enhancement or accentuation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punch up: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  improve; increase the energy, impressiveness, etc., of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Punch, worried as:}{\f0  greatly worried. From }{\f0\ul Punch, }{\f0 the main character in puppet shows f
requently seen in England. Punch had a humped back, a hooked nose and a fierce temper. He was constantly beating people with his stick, including Judy (his wife) and their baby. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punchy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 vigorously forceful or effective. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 punctured:}{\f0  reduced or put an end to, as if by piercing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pundits:}{\f0  persons who have or profess a great deal of learning; actual or self-professed authorities. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Punic Wars: }{\f0 in ancient history, the three struggles between Rome and Carthage. The name }{\f0\ul Punic, }{\f0 
meaning Phoenician, is a Roman term for the Carthaginians because they had once been a colony founded by the Phoenicians in northern Africa. The First Punic War was fought from 264 - 241 b.c., the second from 218 - 201 b.c. and the third from 149 - 146 b.
c. Rome was victorious in all three wars. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Punic Wars:}{\f0  in ancient history, the three struggles between Rome and Carthage. The name }{\f0\ul Punic, }{\f0 
meaning Phoenician, is a Roman term for the Carthaginians because they had once been a colony founded by the Phoenicians in northern Africa. The First Punic War was fought from 264 - 241 b.c., the second from 218 - 201 b.c. and the third from 149 - 146 b.
c. Rome was victorious in all three wars. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punishment-drive:}{\f0  of or concerning pain, deprivation or other unpleasant consequence imposed on or experienced by an
 organism responding incorrectly under specific conditions so that, through avoidance, the desired learning or behavior becomes established. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 punishment drive:}{\f0  pain, deprivation or other unpleasant consequence imposed on or experienced by an organism responding incorrectly under specific conditions so that, through avoidance, the desired learning or behavior becomes established. 
\'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 punitive:}{\f0  inflicting, concerned with or directed toward punishment. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 punk:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 any inferior, insignificant person. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punk:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 any inferior, insignificant person. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punk:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 any inferior, insignificant person. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 punk water:}{\f0  another name for }{\f0\ul spunk water,}{\f0  rain water that collects in hollow tree stumps, popularly thought to be a cure for warts. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 punky:}{\f0  of or pertaining to rotten wood, used in a dry state for tinder. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 puns: }{\f0 humorous uses of words or of words which are formed or sounded alike but have different meanings, in such a way as to play on two or more of the possible applications; plays on words. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pup:}{\f0  an empty-headed, impertinent young fellow. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 pup:}{\f0  a silly, conceited young man. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puppy to the root:}{\f0  a coined phrase denoting completeness or thoroughness, like a young dog (puppy) persistently digging, tracking or trailing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puppy to the root:}{\f0  a coined phrase denoting completeness or thoroughness, like a young dog (puppy) persistently digging, tracking or trailing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puppy to the root:}{\f0  a coined phrase denoting completeness or thoroughness, like a young dog (puppy) persistently digging, tracking or trailing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puppy to the root:}{\f0  a coined phrase denoting completeness or thoroughness, like a young dog (puppy) persistently digging, tracking or trailing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puppy to the root:}{\f0  a coined phrase denoting completeness or thoroughness, like a young dog (puppy) persistently digging, tracking or trailing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 puppy to the root:}{\f0  a coined phrase denoting completeness or thoroughness, like a young dog (puppy) persistently digging, tracking or trailing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 puppy to the root:}{\f0  a coined phrase denoting completeness or thoroughness, like a young dog (puppy) persistently digging, tracking or trailing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pup, sicker than a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul sick as a dog}{\f0 , extremely or violently sick. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Purcell:}{\f0 *** a person who tried to seize Dianetics in 1951. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Purcell:}{\f0  a person who tried to seize Dianetics in 1951. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Purcell:}{\f0  a person who tried to seize Dianetics in 1951. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Purcell:}{\f0  a person who tried to seize Dianetics in 1951. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 purchase:***}{\f0  a hold or position of advantage for accomplishing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 purchase:}{\f0  a hold or position of advantage for accomplishing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 purchase order:}{\f0  a written authorization given to purchase. The form gives the item, quality, description and cost, and when the bills come in, they are paid against these authorizations or approved purchase orders. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 purchasing power:}{\f0  the ability to buy things, as measured by the amount of money one earns or has available. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pure Food and Drug Act:}{\f0  a US law passed in 1906 with the stated purpose of 
removing harmful and misrepresented foods and drugs from the market and regulating the manufacture and sale of drugs and food involved in interstate trade. This law paved the way for the foundation of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 purgatory:}{\f0  the state after death in which, per the teaching of the Roman Catholic church, the soul destined for heaven is purified. Per this religion, only the perfect can go to heaven, and some believers die who have still unpunished or
 unrepented minor sins on their conscience, so these go to purgatory to be purged (cleansed) of such sins by suffering and repentance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Purif:***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Purification Rundown:}{\f0 
 a special rundown (series of steps or actions) designed to purify and clean out of one's system the restimulative drug or chemical residues which could act to prevent case gain from Dianetics or Scientology processing. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Purif:}{\f0  short for Purification Rundown, a special rundown designed to purify and clean out of one's system the restimulative drug or chemical residues which could act to prevent case gain from Dianetics or Scientology processing. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul rundown}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Purification:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Purification Rundown:}{\f0  a special rundown (series of steps or actions) designed to purify and clean out of one's system the restimulative drug or chemical residues which could act to prevent case gain fro
m Dianetics or Scientology processing. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 purist:}{\f0  strictly observant of and insistent on purity in language, style, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Puritan:}{\f0 
 having to do with the group of radical English Protestants that arose in the late sixteenth century and became a major force in England during the seventeenth century. Puritans wanted to \ldblquote purify\rdblquote 
 the church of England by eliminating traces o
f its origins to the Roman Catholic church. They urged a strict moral code. Their influence spread during the seventeenth century to include Holland and America. Many Puritans were persecuted in their homeland and went to America, settling the colonies th
at eventually became Massachusetts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Puritanism:}{\f0  the principles and practices of the Puritans, members of a group in the Church of England during the 1500s and 1600s who wanted simpler forms of worship and stricter morals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0 
 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Puritans:}{\f0 
 a group of Protestants that arose in the sixteenth century within the Church of England, demanding the simplification of doctrine and worship, and greater strictness in religious discipline. During part of the seventeenth century the Puritans became a po
werful political party.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Puritans:}{\f0  a group of radical English Protestants that arose in the 16th century and became a major force in England during the 17th century. Puritans wanted to \ldblquote purify\rdblquote 
 the Church of England by eliminating traces of its origins in the Roman Catholic Church. In addition, they urged a strict moral code and placed a high value on hard work. Many Puritans, persecuted in their homeland, left 
England, some emigrating to Holland and many to America in the 1620s and 1630s, settling colonies that eventually became Massachusetts. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Puritans:}{\f0  a group of radical English Protestants that arose in the late sixteenth century and became a major force in England during the seventeenth century. Puritans wanted to \ldblquote purify\rdblquote 
 the church of England by eliminating traces of its origins to the Roman Catholic church. They urged a strict moral code. Their influence spread during the se
venteenth century to include Holland and America. Many Puritans were persecuted in their homeland and went to America, settling the colonies that eventually became Massachusetts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Puritans:}{\f0  a group of radical English Protestants that arose in the late sixteenth century and became a major force in England during the seventeenth century. Puritans wanted to \ldblquote purify\rdblquote 
 the church of England by eliminating traces of its origins to the Roman Catholic Church. They urged a strict moral code. Many Puritans were persecuted in their homeland and went to America, settling the colonies that eventually became Massachusetts. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Puritans:}{\f0  persons who wanted simpler forms of worship and stricter morals than others did in the Protestant church during the 1500s and 1600s. Many Puritans settled in New England (USA). \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 purloined:}{\f0  stolen. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Purpose Clearing:}{\f0 
 Post Purpose Clearing, the action of fully clearing up with the individual the purpose of his post, any confusions he may have with that purpose, and establishing how that purpose aligns with the actions of his area and the organization as a whole. It is
 an essential part of hatting. It requires an auditor and an E-Meter and is done in session. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Purpose Clearing:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Post Purpose Clearing,}{\f0 
 the action of fully clearing up with the individual the purpose of his post, any confusions he may have with that purpose, and establishing how that purpose aligns with the actions of his area and the organization as a whole. It is an essential part of h
atting. It requires an auditor and an E-Meter and is done in session. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul post}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 purposes:}{\f0  the survival routes chosen by an individual, a species or a unit of matter or energy in the accomplishment of its goal. }{\f0\ul Purposes }{\f0 is also an Awareness Level represented on the org board of a Scientology organization. 
}{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Awareness Level }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 org board }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 purr:}{\f0  a low, murmuring sound such as a cat makes when pleased. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Purser: }{\f0 h
ead of the Third Division which handles the money and materials of the ship and provides its meals, accommodations and services. It handles the inventories and is responsible for all money and all stores of whatever kind, including balance sheets. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 pursuant to:}{\f0  following upon. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 purveyors:}{\f0  providers or suppliers. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 push-button:}{\f0  operated by or as if by push buttons. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 push-buttons:}{\f0  items, words, phrases, subjects or areas that are easily restimulatable in an individual by the words or actions of other people, and which cause him discomfort, embarrassment or upset, or make him laugh uncontrollably.\emdash 
}{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pushover:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a person, group, etc., easily persuaded, defeated, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 pushrods:}{\f0  rods in an overhead-valve engine that are part of the linkage used to open and close valves. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 push (something) home:}{\f0  show (something) clearly; emphasize or demonstrate (something). A variation of }{\f0\ul punch (something) home }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul bring (something) home.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 pusillanimity:}{\f0  the state or condition of being pusillanimous (lacking courage or resolution; faint-hearted); timidity; cowardliness.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 puss:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the face. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 puss: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the face; mouth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Puss in Boots:}{\f0  the cat in a famous nursery tale by this name. The story has many sources, but it is best known from French writer Charles Perrault's tale }{\f0\ul Le Chat Bott\'e9 }{\f0 
(1697). The cat is marvelously accomplished, and by ready wit or ingenious tricks secures a fortune and royal wife for his master, a penniless young miller, who passes under the name of the marquis de Carabas. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 pussyfoot: }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  act or proceed cautiously or timidly to avoid committing oneself. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 put away:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 consigned to a jail, mental hospital, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 put off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  pushed or sent off. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 put out: }{\b\f0\ul (nautical) }{\f0 to leave, as a port; depart. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 putsch:}{\f0  a plotted revolt or attempt to overthrow a government, especially one that depends upon suddenness and speed\emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0 .
\par }{\b\f0 put (something) to bed:}{\f0  complete, forget about or have no further concern with (something). A variation of }{\f0\ul lay to rest. \emdash SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 putt:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (golf)}{\f0  hit a golf ball that's on the putting green (a smooth area of grass around the hole) to put it into the hole. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 put the cap on it:}{\f0  finished it; left nothing more to be said or done on it. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 putty on the end of (one's) nose: }{\f0 a humorous reference to the use of make-up putty, as in theater or cinematography, to create a particular look or image. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 put-up: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  planned beforehand, or deliberately, in a secret or crafty manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary}{\f0  (approved 5-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 put up against it:}{\f0  made to confront (something); made to face (something). Variation of }{\f0\ul up against. \emdash 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 put upon:}{\f0  imposed on; overburdened. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 PV=ID}{\b\f0\up6 x:}{\f0  a mathematical expression of the Potential Value of an individual. I represents intelligence, and D represents dynamic. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pygmies:}{\f0  members of a people native to southeast Asia (e.g., Philippine islands) and equatorial Africa having a hereditary body height of from four to five feet. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pygmy:}{\f0  a very small person. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 pyramid:}{\f0  a massive monument found especially in Egypt, serving as a tomb or temple. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pyramiding:}{\f0  increasing rapidly and on a widening base. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pyramid of skulls:}{\f0 
 a reference to one of the terrorist tactics of Genghis Khan who, if a town resisted his conquest, would have the entire population massacred, leaving the bodies to rot and sometimes the heads of
 the victims stacked in a huge pile or pyramid as a gruesome monument to his mercilessness toward those who resisted him. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Genghis Khan }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 pyramid of skulls:}{\f0 
 a reference to one of the terrorist tactics of Genghis Khan who, if a town resisted his conquest, would have the entire population massacred, leaving the bodies to rot and sometimes the heads of the victims stacked in a huge pile or pyramid as a gruesome
 monument to his mercilessness toward those who resisted him. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary}{\f0  (approved 3-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 pyramid of skulls:}{\f0 
*** a reference to one of the terrorist tactics of Genghis Khan who, if a town resisted his conquest, would have the entire population massacred, leaving the bodies to rot and sometimes the heads of the victims stacked in a huge pile or pyramid as a grues
ome monument to his mercilessness toward those who resisted him. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Pyrenees:}{\f0  a mountain range between Spain and France. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Pyrenees:}{\f0  a mountain range between Spain and France which extends a distance of 280 miles and covers an area of 20,000 square miles. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 pyrotechnic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul pyrotechnics: }{\f0 a spectacular and usually highly emotional display. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pythagoras:}{\f0  (ca. 582 - 500 b.c.) Greek philosopher, mathematician and religious reformer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Pythagoras:}{\f0  (ca. 582 - 500 b.c.) Greek philosopher, mathematician and religious reformer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Pythagoras:}{\f0  (ca. 582 - 500 b.c.) Greek philosopher, mathematician and religious reformer. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Pythagoreans:}{\f0  those who followed the teachings of Pythagoras, the main tenets of which were the transmigration of souls (reincarnation) and the belief that all relationships in the universe could be expressed numerically. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 quarterdeck:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (nautical)}{\f0  the part of the upper deck between the mainmast and the stern, used especially by the officers of a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }}