{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Narrow;}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvantGarde;}{\f18\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ITC Bookman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Light;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Black;}{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f22\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino;}
{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfChancery;}{\f24\fdecor\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfDingbats;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Marlett;}
{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609040504020204}Lucida Console;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504020204}Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02050604050505020204}Bookman Old Style;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}MS Outlook;}{\f31\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040602050305030304}Book Antiqua;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}
{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0706040902060204}Haettenschweiler;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f37\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho;}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0306030101010103}Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040603050505030304}Calisto MT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0705020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0507020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020202020204}Century Gothic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0806030902050204}Impact;}
{\f44\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010101010101}Lucida Handwriting;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504090204}Lucida Sans;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0504020203020204}News Gothic MT;}
{\f47\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02010509020102010303}OCR A Extended;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f60\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f142\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f205\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f206\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}
{\f208\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f211\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode CE;}{\f212\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Cyr;}
{\f214\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Greek;}{\f215\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Tur;}{\f217\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}
{\f220\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}
{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f228\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}
{\f241\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}
{\f265\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f266\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f268\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f269\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f270\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}
{\f307\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f310\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f312\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title R - RECA}
{\author Nino Bilic}{\operator Ergon Copeland}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min3}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords56941}{\nofchars324567}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws398591}{\vern71}}\margl1080\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale45\viewzk1\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul R - RECA
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 R:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 eality, one of three corners of the }{\f0\ul ARC }{\f0 triangle. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 eality. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reality}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R: }{\f0 abbreviation for reality, the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 R: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul reality}{\f0 , the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{
\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 eality, the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R: }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 eality, the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 esistance. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul resistance}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R:}{\f0  the initial letter of the word }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 eality which together with }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ffinity and }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 ommunication equate to understanding. These are the three things necessary to the understanding of something\'d1
one has to have some affinity for it, it has to be real to him to some degree and he needs some communication with it before he can understand it. For more information on }{\f0\ul ARC,}{\f0  read the book }{\f0\ul Science of Survival}{\f0  by L. R
on Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Ra:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Egyptian mythology) }{\f0 the sun god and principal deity; usually depicted as having the head of a hawk. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ra:}{\f0  the ancient Egyptian sun god and supreme deity, typically represented as a hawk-headed man bearing the sun on his head\emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), World Book Dictionary}{\f0 .
\par }{\b\f0 Rabberg\'f6tterd\'e4mmerung: }{\f0 a made-up name for a river. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 rabbit:}{\f0  the mechanical rabbit that circles a greyhound dog racing track on an electrified rail. This rabbit was invented by an American, Oliver P. Smith, in 1919. Earlier, dogs raced after live rabbits. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rabbits:}{\f0  a slang word for persons who run away from and try not to confront their banks. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rabbit's foot:}{\f0  the hind foot of a rabbit or hare, kept as a token of good luck. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rabble:}{\f0  a noisy, disorderly crowd; mob. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rabble-rouse: }{\f0 like or having to do with}{\b\f0  }{\f0 arousing people to anger, hatred or violent action by appeals to emotions, prejudices, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 rabble-rouse: }{\f0 like or having to do with}{\b\f0  }{\f0 arousing people to anger, hatred or violent action by appeals to emotions, prejudices, etc.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rabble-rousers:}{\f0  persons who try to arouse people to violent action by appeals to emotions, prejudices, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 rabble-rousing:}{\f0  stirring up the emotions or prejudices of the public; agitating. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rabble-rousing:}{\f0  stirring up the emotions or prejudices of the public; agitating. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Rabelais:}{\f0  Fran\'e7ois Rabelais (1494? - 1553), French humorist and satirist. The word \ldblquote Rabelaisian\rdblquote  has been applied to the type of broad and coarse humor which fills his works. His greatest work, }{\f0\ul Garga
ntua and Pantagruel, }{\f0 relates the adventures of Gargantua, a giant with an enormous appetite and his son Pantagruel, the \ldblquote king of drunkards.\rdblquote 
 The book is a sort of burlesque of politics, education and the church as they existed in his time. Rabelais was in his own way a philos
opher who disagreed with the hidebound customs of his day. His books expressed his ideals of free and joyous living and ridiculed the strict principles of living taught by the church. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RAC:}{\f0  Royal Automobile Club (of Great Britain). \'d1}{\f0\ul Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 Race Hate Society:}{\f0  a made-up name for a society. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 race riots:}{\f0 ***  outbreaks of violence arising from racial antagonism. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul races, off to the:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 races, off to the: }{\f0 an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the start of something, as a course of action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the:}{\f0  a phrase used to indicate something has started; action has begun (as of a course or cycle of action). \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 races, off to the same:}{\f0  an expression used to indicate the re-starting of something; a course of action beginning again. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racetracks:}{\f0 ***  prepared courses (tracks) for horse or vehicle racing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Rachmaninoff's prelude:}{\f0  a well-known prelude (short, romantic piece of music), one of the notable compositions}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 of Russian composer, pianist and conductor Sergei }{\f0\ul Rachmaninoff}{\f0  (1873 - 1943). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #3, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Racine:}{\f0  the third largest city in the state of Wisconsin and an important industrial center of more than 170 industries. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Racine:}{\f0  the third largest city in the state of Wisconsin and an important industrial center of more than 170 industries. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 rack:}{\f0  a coined word for a needle movement on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rack:}{\f0  a frame with bars, shelves or pegs to hold, arrange or keep things on. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 rack:}{\f0  a narrow path or track. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rack:}{\f0  an instrument of torture having a frame on which the victim is bound and stretched until his limbs are pulled out of place. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 rack:}{\f0 *** an instrument of torture having a frame on which the victim is bound and stretched until his limbs are pulled out of place. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rack and ruin, go to:}{\f0  decay, decline or become destroyed. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racked around:}{\f0  strained at beyond what is normal or usual. }{\f0\ul So I racked around, \ldblquote What the hell is this low TA?\rdblquote }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #16, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 racket:}{\f0  an easy or profitable source of livelihood. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racket:}{\f0  an easy or profitable source of livelihood. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 racket:}{\f0 *** a noisy confusion; loud and confused talk or activity; uproar. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 racket:}{\f0  ramble or travel in a casual, reckless way, as in search of excitement. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racket:***}{\f0  ramble or travel in a casual, reckless way, as in search of excitement. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 racket:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an activity, a way of life; a business. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 racket:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a trick, dodge, scheme, line of action, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 racket: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a trick, dodge, scheme, line of action, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racketed:}{\f0  struck with or as if with a racket; bandied. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rackety:}{\f0  noisy. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racking:}{\f0  driving or moving. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racking:}{\f0  driving or moving. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racking around:}{\f0  straining, tasking severely or putting pressure upon (the mind, brain, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racking around:}{\f0  straining; tasking severely; putting pressure upon (the mind, brain, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racking around:}{\f0  straining; tasking severely; putting pressure upon (the mind, brain, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racking his wits:}{\f0  trying his best to think; making a great mental effort; especially, trying to remember something. Variation of }{\f0\ul racking his brain. }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #15, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 racking (it) up: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  injuring, wrecking or destroying (it). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racking up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  tallying, accumulating or amassing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 racking up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US informal) }{\f0 accumulating; amassing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rack it up:}{\f0  register or post it; accumulate it. From the game of pool, in which the phrase }{\f0\ul rack up}{\f0  means to arrange the balls in a triangular frame (or }{\f0\ul rack}{\f0 ) before starting the game.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #17, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 racks:}{\f0  former instruments of torture consisting of a framework on which a victim was tied, often spread-eagled, by the wrists and ankles, to be slowly stretched by spreading the parts of the framework. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 racks up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 accumulates; amasses. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 racks up:}{\f0  (}{\f0\ul informal}{\f0 ) tallies, accumulates or amasses something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0   (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 rack up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  accumulate; amass. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 rack up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 accumulate; amass. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rack up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 accumulate; amass. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rack up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 accumulate; amass. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rack up:}{\f0  (}{\f0\ul informal}{\f0 ) tally, accumulate or amass. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary 
(Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rack up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (pool) }{\f0 put the balls in a rack. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rack-up:}{\f0  the achievement, scoring or amassing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rack up: }{\b\f0\ul (US informal) }{\f0 accumulate; amass. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radar:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul ra}{\f0 dio}{\f0\ul  d}{\f0 irection }{\f0\ul a}{\f0 nd }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 ange, a system for detecting the presence, position or movement, etc., of objects by sending out radio waves that they reflect. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radar:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul ra}{\f0 dio}{\f0\ul  d}{\f0 irection }{\f0\ul a}{\f0 nd }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 ange, a system for detecting the presence, position or movement, etc., of objects by sending out radio waves that they reflect. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radarscope:}{\f0  the viewing screen of radar equipment. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul radar }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radar screen: }{\f0 the screen like a television or computer screen, on which the reflected images of the radar are seen. It works by sending out super-high frequency radio waves which then bounce off obj
ects, such as other ships or land masses, etc., within the range of the radar. These reflections are then reproduced as tiny electronic images. In this way other ships and objects can be observed and avoided. It is also used for navigation. The term is de
rived from }{\f0\ul ra}{\f0 (dio)}{\f0\ul  d}{\f0 (irection) }{\f0\ul a}{\f0 (nd) }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 (ange). \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 radar screen: }{\f0 the screen like a television or computer screen, on which the reflected images of the radar are seen. It works by sending out super-high frequenc
y radio waves which then bounce off objects, such as other ships or land masses, etc., within the range of the radar. These reflections are then reproduced as tiny electronic images. In this way other ships and objects can be observed and avoided. It is a
lso used for navigation. The term is derived from }{\f0\ul ra}{\f0 dio}{\f0\ul  d}{\f0 irection }{\f0\ul a}{\f0 nd }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 ange. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 radial engine:}{\f0  an internal combustion engine with cylinders arranged radially like the spokes in a wheel, and a rotating crankshaft which turns the propeller. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radial prop:}{\f0  a propeller connected to a }{\f0\ul radial engine,}{\f0  an internal combustion engine with cylinders arranged radially like the spokes in a wheel, and a rotating crankshaft which turns the propeller. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radiant streets:}{\f0  streets which go directly out from a central point, like the spokes of a wheel. \'d1}{\f0\ul Editor.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 radiation sickness:}{\f0  sickness caused by irradiation with X-rays or other nu
clear radiation as a result of therapeutic treatment, accidental exposure, or a nuclear bomb explosion and characterized by nausea, vomiting, headache, cramps, diarrhea, loss of hair and teeth, destruction of white blood cells, and prolonged hemorrhage. 
\'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 radiator:}{\f0  a device for heating a room, consisting of pipes through which steam or hot water passes. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radical:}{\f0  a fundamental thing or principle. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 radical:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a variable\'d1having no fixed value and subject to change.  \'d1}{\f0\ul Editor.}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 radioaction:}{\f0  a condition of spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei usually with emission of penetrating radiation or particles. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul radioactive}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radioactive: }{\f0 giving off, or capable of giving off, radiant energy in the form of particles or rays by the spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei: said of certain elements, as plutonium, uranium, etc., and their products. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 radioactive: }{\f0 giving off, or capable of giving off, radiant energy in the form of particles or rays by the spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei: said of certain elements, as plutonium, uranium, etc., and their products. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 radioactive: }{\f0 giving off, or capable of giving off, radiant energy in the form of particles or rays by the spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei: said of certain elements, as plutonium, uranium, etc., and their products. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radioactive:}{\f0  giving off, or capable of giving off, radiant energy in the form of particles or rays by the spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei: said of certain elements, as plutonium, uranium, etc., and their products. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radiologists: }{\f0 those who deal with X-rays or nuclear radiation, especially for medical uses. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Radio Luxembourg:}{\f0 
 the name of one of the most powerful and modern radio stations in the world, covering all of Europe. In contrast to most European stations, it is a commercial station, depending on sponsored programs for most of its income. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radioman:}{\f0  a person who operates a radio. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul radio transmitter }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 radios:}{\f0  transmits a message by radio (the way of sending and receiving words, music and other sounds by electric waves, without wires). Used figuratively in this film. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radio shack: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 a room or structure, as on a ship, for housing radio equipment. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radiotherapy: }{\f0 treatment of diseases by means of X-rays or of radioactive substances. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 radio transmitter: }{\f0 
a radio set that can send messages, i.e., a radiotelephone. There is a certain radio frequency (channel) which can only be used for emergencies and not for any other purpose. The radioman would turn on the transmitter to the distress frequency in preparat
ion for sending an emergency message. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 radium:}{\f0  a radioactive metallic chemical element, found in uranium minerals. Discovered in 1898 by French physicists Pierre and Marie Curie, it was so named as it emits rays. Radium is used in the treatment of cancer and other diseases. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 radium:}{\f0  a radioactive metallic chemical element, found in uranium minerals. Discovered in 1898 by French physicists Pierre and Marie Curie, it was so named as it emits rays. Radium is used in the treatment of cancer and other diseases. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RAF:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 oyal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ir }{\f0\ul F}{\f0 orce, the British air force. In the Royal Air Force, the titles of the rank of commissioned officers,
 from the top down, are: Marshal of the Royal Air Force, Air Chief Marshal, Air Marshal, Air Vice-Marshal, Air Commodore, Group Captain, Wing Commander, Squadron Leader, Flight Lieutenant, Flying Officer, Pilot Officer. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 raffle:}{\f0  a sale in which people each pay a small sum for a chance of getting an article. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 raffle:}{\f0  a sale in which people each pay a small sum for a chance of getting an article.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 rafters, up to the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  having a great deal (of something) to do or having more (of something) than one can handle. A variation of }{\f0\ul up to one's elbows. \emdash NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ragbag:}{\f0  a bag for rags. Used figuratively in this lecture. }{\f0\ul Wound the pc right up in the ragbag.}{\f0   \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rag doll:}{\f0  a limp doll made of rags or scraps of cloth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 rag doll:}{\f0  a limp doll made of rags or scraps of cloth. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rag doll:}{\f0  a stuffed doll, especially of cloth. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Raggedy Ann doll:}{\f0  a rag doll introduced in the US in 1918 with red-and-white striped legs, red yarn hair and shoe button eyes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 raggedy-baggedy:}{\f0  a coined term from }{\f0\ul raggedy,}{\f0  meaning somewhat ragged or tattered. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raggedy-baggedy: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  uneven; rough; jagged. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raggle-taggled:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul rag-tag, }{\f0 raggedy, unkempt, disorderly, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rag it up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  display noisy, disorderly conduct in defiance of authority or discipline. \emdash }
{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rah-rah:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 
a person or thing marked by or expressive of ardently enthusiastic spirit. From a shout of support or encouragement such as exhibited at a college football game. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rail: }{\f0 narrow wooden piece at the top of a ship's bulwarks (the extension of the ship's side above the deck). \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 railing:}{\f0  speaking bitterly or reproachfully; complaining violently. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 railing: }{\f0 speaking bitterly or reproachfully; complaining violently. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raillery: }{\f0 the practice, act or occupation of speaking bitterly or reproachfully; complaining violently. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 railroad}{\f0  }{\b\f0 locomotive engineer:}{\f0  a person who operates or is in charge of a locomotive engine (i.e., an engine that is self-propelled by steam, electricity, etc., for pulling trains). \'d1compiled from }{\f0\ul 
Random House Dictionary of the English Language}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 railroad spike:}{\f0  a heavy naillike fastener, 3 to 12 inches long and proportionately thicker than a common nail, used for fastening together railroad track. \emdash }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0 
  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the: }{\b\f0\ul (especially British) }{\f0 out of the proper or normal condition; out of control; haywire \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  in a disorganized or confused state. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  in a disorganized or confused state. A reference to the rails that a train runs on. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  in a disorganized or confused state. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  in a disorganized or confused state. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  in a disorganized or confused state. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  into a disorganized or confused state. A reference to the rails that a train runs on. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  into a disorganized or confused state. A reference to the rails that a train runs on. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  into a disorganized or confused state. A reference to the rails that a train runs on. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  into a disorganized or confused state. A reference to the rails that a train runs on. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  into a disorganized or confused state. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  into a disorganized or confused state. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  into a disorganized or confused state. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rails, off the:}{\f0  into a disorganized or confused state. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rails, on the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 properly organized; working or acting correctly. A reference to the rails that a train runs on. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rain:}{\f0  a play adapted from W. Somerset Maugham's short story (\ldblquote Miss Thompson\rdblquote ) about a missionary's attempts at converting a prostitute to religion during the rainy season on a South Sea island. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rainbarrel:}{\f0  a barrel used to collect rain water for drinking or washing. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rain, out in the:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul out in the cold, }{\f0 neglected; ignored; forgotten. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rain, right as:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  quite all right, especially when compared with what might be expected or an earlier condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raised corn: }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 something created or done that is inane, fatuous or sappy. A humorous pun on the dual meaning of \ldblquote corn,\rdblquote  which can denote either something foolish or silly, or the plant itself. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raised hell: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  created a disturbance; caused trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raise hell:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  create an uproar; object violently. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 raise hell:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  create an uproar; object violently. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 raise (so much) Cain: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 become angry or violent; make an angry fuss or noisy disturbance. An allusion to Cain's (first son of Adam and Eve) violent anger which drove him to kill his brother, Abel. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raises the devil: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 creates a disturbance; causes trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raises the devil:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 creates a disturbance; causes trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raise the devil:}{\f0  create a disturbance, cause trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raise the devil with:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  damage or destroy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 raise the devil with:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  damage or destroy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 raising hell:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  creating an uproar; objecting violently. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rake-off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  commission, rebate or a share, especially when received in an illegitimate transaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rake-offs:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  commissions, rebates or shares, especially when received in an illegitimate transaction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #13, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rally:}{\f0  concentrate or revive, as one's strength, spirits, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote rally round the flag, boys\rdblquote :}{\f0  a line from the song \ldblquote The Battle Cry of Freedom\rdblquote  by George Frederi
ck Root (1820 - 1895), an American composer who is best remembered for his patriotic songs. It was sung to build enthusiasm for the North (the northern area of the United States, which fought to preserve the Union) during the American Civil War (1861 - 18
65) and contains the following lines: / \ldblquote 
Yes, we'll rally round the flag, boys, / we'll rally once again, / Shouting the battle cry of Freedom, / We will rally from the hillside, we'll / gather from the plain, / Shouting the battle cry of Freedom.\rdblquote  }{\b\f0\ul See also \ldblquote Dixie
\rdblquote  }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Rameses II:}{\f0 
 (? - 1234 b.c.) one of the most famous of the Egyptian Pharaohs (kings). He reigned longer than any other Egyptian ruler and is known for the building of many temples and the construction of other public works. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ramifications:}{\f0  related or derived subjects, problems, etc.; outgrowths; consequences. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ramifications:}{\f0  related or derived subjects, problems, etc.; outgrowths; consequences. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 rampant:}{\f0  in full sway; prevailing or unchecked. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rampant:***}{\f0  passing beyond restraint or usual limits; unchecked. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 rampant:}{\f0  violent and uncontrollable in action, manner, speech, etc.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ramparts, roll in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul roll in the aisles: }{\f0 laugh uncontrollably. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ramping:}{\f0  standing upright on the hind legs. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 ramproad:}{\f0  a sloping, sometimes curved, road joining different levels. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Ramseys and Company:}{\f0  a made-up company name. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Ramseys and Company:}{\f0  a made-up company name. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ramshackle:}{\f0  loose and rickety; likely to fall to pieces. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ranchero:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (American Spanish) }{\f0 a person who owns or works on a ranch in the southwestern United States and Mexico. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rancid:}{\f0  having a rank, unpleasant, stale smell or taste, as through decomposition, especially of fats or oils. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rancor:}{\f0  a continuing and bitter hate or ill will; deep spite or malice. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rancor:}{\f0  bitter feeling or ill will. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Rand: }{\f0 of The Rand, short for }{\f0\ul Witwatersrand}{\f0 , a rocky ridge in South Africa near Johannesburg which is a major gold-mining area. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rand:}{\f0  of The Rand, short for }{\f0\ul Witwatersrand,}{\f0  a rocky ridge in South Africa near Johannesburg which is a major gold-mining area. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rand:}{\f0  the basic monetary unit of South Africa. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rand:}{\f0  the basic monetary unit of South Africa. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomities:}{\f0  things one picks ou
t and agrees not to predict. Randomity is a consideration of motion. A person can have too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What is enough motion is measured by the consideration of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. A person can have too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What is enough motion is measured by the consideration of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. A person can have too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What is enough motion is measured by the consideration of the individual. }{\f0\ul Randomities }{\f0 
are things one picks out and agrees not to predict. The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is also sometimes used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. There is plus randomity and minus randomity. There can be, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. \ldblquote Enough motion\rdblquote 
 is measured by the consideration of the individual. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. There is plus randomity and minus randomity. There can be, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. \ldblquote Enough motion\rdblquote 
 is measured by the consideration of the individual.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we h
ave minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0 
 is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0\ul randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion 
measured by? The consideration of the individual. The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The t
erm }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The t
erm }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individu
al's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. T
he term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The t
erm }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. We have 
plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0 
 is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. Wh
at's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The t
erm }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The t
erm }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the in
dividual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual.
 The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:***}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The t
erm }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a c
onsideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The term 
}{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0  a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, t
oo much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The term }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The t
erm }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 a consideration of motion. We have plus randomity and we have minus randomity. We can have, from the individual's consideration, too much or too little motion, or enough motion. What's enough motion measured by? The consideration of the individual. The t
erm }{\f0\ul randomity}{\f0  is often used to mean simply too much motion or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 randomity: }{\f0 the amount of predicted and unpredicted motion a person has, in ratio. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 randomity: }{\f0 the ratio of unpredicted motion to predicted motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 randomity:}{\f0 
 the ratio of unpredicted motion to predicted motion. Something one picks out and agrees not to predict. At very low case levels it appears that everything is randomity, but as the case level rises it can actually reach a point where the preclear fears th
at he is approaching too little randomity to find life still interesting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 randomness:}{\f0  condition of being without definite aim, purpose or method, or adherence to a prior arrangement; existing in a haphazard way. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 randomness:***}{\f0  condition of being without definite aim, purpose or method, or adherence to a prior arrangement; existing in a haphazard way. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 ranger:}{\f0  a person who has charge of patrolling and guarding a forest. \'d1}{\f0\ul American Heritage Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 rank:}{\f0  a social or official position or standing, as in the armed forces.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rank:}{\f0  a social or official position or standing, as in the armed forces. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 rank:}{\f0  utter; absolute. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ranks:}{\f0  all those in an organization, as the army, who are not officers or leaders. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ranks: }{\b\f0\ul (military)}{\f0  rows of soldiers, vehicles, etc., placed side by side or abreast of one another. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ranks, lift (oneself) up:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul bring (oneself) up through the ranks: }{\f0 
obtain (for oneself) a high position in an organization, especially in an army, after long experience in lower positions rather than through special favor. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ran out:}{\f0  caused (through auditing) something in the reactive mind to vanish entirely, at which time it is filed as memory and experience. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }
{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rant:}{\f0 *** violent, loud or extravagant speech. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 rap:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a try. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 rap:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 blame or punishment, especially for a crime. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Auditor Administration (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rap: }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 talk, chat.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rapacious: }{\f0 grasping; greedy. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 rapacity:}{\f0  a rapacious (grasping, greedy) spirit, action or practice; greed.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raped:}{\f0 *** abused or improperly treated; violated. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Raphael's little doll:}{\f0  reference to a fresco painted by Raphael Sanzio (1483 - 1520) in Rome, Italy. Raphael was one of the greatest painters and architects of the Italian Renaissance and was often called the \ldblquote Divine Raphael
\rdblquote  and the \ldblquote Prince of Italian Painting.\rdblquote 
 In Rome, he worked on papal commissions and also for the cardinals, the princes and merchants; the most important of these private patrons was a banker for whom Raphael painted 12 paintings decorating wall and ceiling of the vi
lla now known as the Farnesina. This included the }{\f0\ul Legend of Cupid and Psyche }{\f0 (1517 - 1518, unfinished) executed mainly by his pupils under his guidance. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul rapide:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French) }{\f0 rapid, fast, swift. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rapier:}{\f0  a small sword with a narrow blade, especially from the 18th century. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 rapier: }{\f0 a thin light double-edged sword, used for thrusting. \'d1}{\f0\ul Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 rapping (something) on the knuckles:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  criticizing or chastising (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rapport:}{\f0  relation; connection; especially harmonious or sympathetic relation. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rapport:}{\f0  relation; connection; especially harmonious or sympathetic relation. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 raps:}{\f0  blows or strokes. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 raptly:}{\f0  in a deeply engrossed or absorbed manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rapwuf:}{\f0  a made-up name for an animal. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rarefaction: }{\b\f0\ul (physics)}{\f0  the action of making rare or thin, especially by expansion; the lessening of the density or solidity of a substance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rarefaction - condensation:}{\f0  the phenomenon in which waves are formed consisting of both densely vibrating air particles (condensation) and less compressed vibrating air particles (rarefaction) located in other places. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rarefaction - condensation wave:}{\f0  a wave which has densely vibrating air particles (condensation) as well as vibrating air particles in other places that are spread farther apart and are less compressed (rarefaction). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rarefaction - condensation wave:}{\f0  a wave which has densely vibrating air particles (condensation) as well as vibrating air particles in other places that are spread farther apart and are less compressed (rarefaction). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rarefication:}{\f0  the state of becoming rare or rarer, less dense or thinned. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rash: }{\f0 too hasty, taking too much risk. \'d1}{\f0\ul Thorndike & Barnhart Advanced Junior Dictionary}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Rasputin:}{\f0 
 Grigori Efimovich Rasputin (1871 - 1916), Russian monk in the household of Czar Nicholas II. Despite his notoriously bad reputation, Rasputin wielded power at the court through his influence over the Czarina. The statesmen and ministers who tried to oppo
se him were removed from their posts; those who remained were his tools. Rasputin was assassinated by a group of Russian nobles in December 1916. His constitution was tough: a generous dose of poison failed
 to produce any visible effect, and the terrified conspirators riddled him with bullets and drowned him in the frozen Neva River for good measure. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a sneaky, contemptible person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rat-a-tat:}{\f0  the sound of knocking or rapping.  Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 ratchet:}{\f0  operate or move by means of a ratchet, a wheel or bar with teeth that come against a catch so that motion is permitted in one direction but not in the other. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rate, at a mad:}{\f0  at a wildly fast, frenzied, frantic pace. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rate, at a mad:}{\f0  in a wildly excited or fast way or manner. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rate operator:}{\f0 
 the person at a telephone exchange (the central telephone office of a district where connections are made between lines concerned in calls) who can tell someone the amount of charge or payment due for a telephone call. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level
 II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ratifier:}{\f0  one who approves or confirms or gives official sanction to. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ratio: }{\f0 a fixed relation in degree, number, etc., between two similar things; proportion. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 rationale:}{\f0  the fundamental reasons for something; a logical basis. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rationale:}{\f0  the fundamental reasons for something; a logical basis. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rationality:}{\f0  the quality or condition of being rational; reasonableness or the possession or use of reason.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul rationality:}{\f0  the quality or condition of being rational; reasonableness or the possession or use of reason.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rationality:}{\f0  the quality or condition of being rational; reasonableness or the possession or use of reason.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rationalization:}{\f0  justified thought\'d1the excuses one makes to explain his irrational behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rationalizations:}{\f0  instances of devising self-satisfying but incorrect reasons for (one's behavior). \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rationalize: }{\f0 justify; make excuses to explain irrational behavior. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 rationalized:}{\f0  treated or explained by inventing plausible explanations for acts, opinions, etc., that are actually based on other causes.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 rationalized:}{\f0  treated or explained by inventing plausible explanations for acts, opinions, etc., that are actually based on other causes.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ration board:}{\f0 
 reference to a government agency responsible for rationing of scarce resources and consumer goods, usually active only during times of war, famine or other national emergency. During World War II local offices, entitled War Price and Rationing Boards wer
e set up to execute the rationing program in the United States. Other similar organizations were set up in other countries for the same purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ration book:}{\f0  a book entitling its holder to a ration (an allowance, share, portion of provisions or other supplies); especially an officially limited allowance for civilians in time of war or shortage. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; a tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul rat race: (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; a tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 rat race: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat race: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  an endless scramble and confusion; tiring but inescapable routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rats:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 an exclamation of disappointment, disgust or disbelief. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rats:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  treacherous and disgusting persons. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rat, smell a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 suspect that something is wrong, that someone is trying to deceive one, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rat's nest:}{\f0  an extremely confused, entangled or disordered place, situation, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rattle: }{\f0 disconcert or confuse (a person). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rattle:}{\f0  talk in a rapid, thoughtless way; chatter. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rattle a few more sabers:}{\f0  reference to }{\f0\ul saber-rattling: }{\f0 a show or threat of military power, especially as used by a nation to impose its policies on other countries. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 rattledy-bang:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\b\f0\ul rattled:}{\f0  agitated, confused, frightened; the suffix }{\f0\ul -y: }{\f0 a condition or quality, and }{\f0\ul bang: }{\f0 a sudden movement or loud noise. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rattle off:}{\f0  say or utter in a rapid or lively manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 rattletraps:}{\f0  rattling, rickety wagons or other vehicles. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rattlety-bang:}{\f0  a coined word for the rustling of a sheet of paper. }{\f0\ul Rattle }{\f0 
means the rustling quality of a sheet of finished paper when handled, indicative of its hardness and density. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rattling: }{\f0 driving a vehicle, riding or running briskly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rattling:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  confusing; upsetting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 raucously:}{\f0  harshly; stridently; gratingly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ravages:}{\f0  devastating or destructive actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ravaging: }{\f0 causing havoc or ruinous damage. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rave:}{\f0  (}{\f0\ul colloquial}{\f0 ) a highly or overly enthusiastic recommendation: often used before a noun [a }{\f0\ul rave}{\f0  review].  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 rave:}{\f0  extravagantly flattering or enthusiastic. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ravening:}{\f0  greedily searching for prey. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raves:}{\f0 *** highly enthusiastic or laudatory (expressing praise) reviews or notices of a book, play, film, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 raving:}{\f0  talking wildly; delirious; frenzied.  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 raving:}{\f0  that talk wildly or senselessly, as from rage, delirium or insanity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ravish:}{\f0  to rape. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 raw:}{\f0  being in a natural condition; not processed or refined. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 raw:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  inexperienced or untrained. The term }{\f0\ul raw }{\f0 is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{
\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raw, in the:}{\f0  in the natural state; without cultivation, refinement, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 raw-meat:***}{\f0  a slang term meaning of or concerning someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientolo
gy processing or training, and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 ), and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0 
 a slang term meaning someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training, and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul 
meat}{\f0 ), and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0 
 a slang term meaning someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training, and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul 
meat}{\f0 ), and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan.\emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is som
etimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 ) and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training, and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 
), and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training, and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 
), and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is somet
imes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training, and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 ), and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 
) and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 thetan}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 
) and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  s
omeone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training, and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 
), and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training
, and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 ), and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 raw meat:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0 
 someone inexperienced or untrained. The expression is sometimes used in Scientology to refer to someone who has not yet had Scientology processing or training and as such might think he is a brain or a body (hence the word }{\f0\ul meat}{\f0 
) and not know that he is really a spiritual being, a thetan. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 thetan}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ray: }{\f0 a line or stream of heat, electricity or energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Increasing Efficiency Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 18/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Ray:}{\f0  a staff member at HASI London at the time of the lecture.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ray gun:}{\f0  a gun or other instrument that is supposed to shoot radioactive rays. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ray gun:}{\f0  a gun or other instrument that is supposed to shoot radioactive rays. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 ray gun:}{\f0  a gun or other instrument that is supposed to shoot radioactive rays. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rayon:}{\f0 
 any of various synthetic textile fibers produced by pressing a cellulose (main substance in the woody part of plants and trees) solution through very small holes and solidifying it in the form of filaments (very slender threads, fibers or wires). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0  (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 Ray Street:}{\f0  a made-up name for a street. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 razed:}{\f0  cut or shaved off. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 razorbacks:}{\f0  also called }{\f0\ul razor clams:}{\f0  any of several rapidly burrowing clams of sandy beaches, having elongated, narrow shells somewhat resembling a straight razor. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 razor edge:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 a very uncertain state or risky condition. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 razor's edge, on the:}{\f0  in a difficult or precarious position. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 razzle-dazzle:}{\f0  bewildering; showy. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 razzle-dazzle:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  excitement; gaudiness; spectacular show. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 razzle-dazzled:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  confused, bewildered or deceived by a flashy display. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 razzle-dazzled:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  confused, bewildered or deceived by a flashy display. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 RC:}{\f0  an abbreviation for Roman Catholic. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RCA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 adio }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 orporation of }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
merica, an American corporation established in 1919 which was engaged in the manufacture and sale of apparatus for radio purposes and for recording and reproducing sound, the operation of international, marine and domestic radio communication services, th
e operation of radio broadcasting stations and the supplying of programs for radio broadcasting. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reach:}{\f0 *** range; scope; extent of application, effect, influence, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 Reach and Withdraw:}{\f0  a very simple but extremely powerful process for getting a person familiarized and in communication with things so that he can be more at cause over and in control of them. }{\f0\ul Reach}{\f0 
 means touching or taking hold of; getting to, coming to and/or arriving at. }{\f0\ul Withdraw}{\f0  means move back from, let go. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Reach and Withdraw:}{\f0  a very simple but extremely powerful process for getting a person familiarized and in communication with things so that he can be more at cause over and in control of them. }{\f0\ul Reach}{\f0 
 means touch or take hold of; get to, come to and/or arrive at. }{\f0\ul Withdraw}{\f0  means move back from; let go. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reach and Withdraw: }{\f0 a very simple but extremely powerful process for getting a person familiarized and in communication with things so that he can be more at cause over and in control of them. }{\f0\ul Reach}{\f0 
 means touch or take hold of; get to, come to and/or arrive at. }{\f0\ul Withdraw}{\f0  means move back from, let go. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reach and Withdraw:}{\f0  a very simple but extremely powerful process for getting a person familiarized and in communication with things so that he can be more at cause over and in control of them. }{\f0\ul Reach}{\f0 
 means touch or take hold of; get to, come to and/or arrive at. }{\f0\ul Withdraw}{\f0  means move back from, let go. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reach and Withdraw:}{\f0  a very simple but extremely powerful process for getting a person familiarized and in communication with things so that he can be more at cause over and in control of them. }{\f0\ul Reach}{\f0 
 means touch or take hold of; get to, come to and/or arrive at. }{\f0\ul Withdraw}{\f0  means move back from, let go. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reach and Withdraw:}{\f0  a very simple but extremely powerful process for getting a person familiarized and in communication with things so that he can be more at cause over and in control of them. }{\f0\ul Reach}{\f0 
 means touch or take hold of; get to, come to and/or arrive at. }{\f0\ul Withdraw}{\f0  means move back from, let go. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reach and Withdraw:}{\f0  a very simple but extremely powerful process for getting a person familiarized and in communication with things so that he can be more at cause over and in control of them. }{\f0\ul Reach}{\f0 
 means touch or take hold of; get to, come to and/or arrive at. }{\f0\ul Withdraw}{\f0  means move back from; let go. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Reach and Withdraw:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul reach}{\f0  means touching or taking hold of; getting to, coming to and/or arriving at. }{\f0\ul Withdraw}{\f0  means move back from, let go. }{\f0\ul Reach and Withdraw}{\f0 
 is a very simple but extremely powerful process for getting a person familiarized and in communication with things so that he can be more at cause over and in control of them.\emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 reaching:}{\f0  trying too hard to make a point, joke, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 reaction engine:}{\f0  an engine which expels a stream of matter at high velocity, the reaction from which creates a forward accelerating force; a jet engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reaction motor:}{\f0  an engine which expels a stream of matter at high velocity, the reaction from which creates a forward accelerating force; a jet engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive:}{\f0  irrational; in a manner that is reacting instead of acting. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive:}{\f0  irrational, reacting instead of acting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 reactive:}{\f0  irrational, reacting instead of acting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reactive:***}{\f0  irrational, reacting instead of acting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive:}{\f0  irrational, reacting instead of acting; thinkingness or behavior dictated by the reactive mind rather than the individual's own present time determinism. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank: }{\f0 (also called the reactive mind) that portion of the mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis (given a certain stimulus it will automatically give a certain 
response) which is not under a person's volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul bank}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and act
ions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  same as reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 bank}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  same as reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 bank}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0 *** same as reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 bank}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul reactive mind. See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul reactive mind. See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank: }{\f0 same as reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank: }{\f0 same as }{\f0\ul reactive mind. See }{\b\f0\ul bank}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul reactive mind.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 bank}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank: }{\f0 same as }{\f0\ul reactive mind. See }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank: }{\f0 same as }{\f0\ul reactive mind. See }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of 
command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive bank is where engrams are stored. Also called the }{\f0\ul reactive mind.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0 
 that portion of the mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis (given a certain stimulus it will automatically give a certain response) which is not under a person's volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his a
wareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. Also called the reactive mind.\emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank: }{\f0 
That portion of the mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis (given a certain stimulus it will automatically give a certain response) which is not under a person's volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his aw
areness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. Also called the }{\f0\ul reactive mind.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul bank}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  that 
portion of the mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis (given a certain stimulus it will automatically give a certain response) which is not under a person's volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awarene
ss, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. Also called the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive bank:}{\f0  that portion of the mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis (given a certain stimulus it will automatically give a certain 
response) which is not under a person's volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. Also called the }{\f0\ul reactive mind. \emdash Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reactively:}{\f0  irrationally; in a manner that is reacting instead of acting. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactively:}{\f0  irrationally; in a manner that is reacting instead of acting. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactively:}{\f0  irrationally; in a manner that is reacting instead of acting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reactively:}{\f0  irrationally; in a manner that is reacting instead of acting.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactively:}{\f0  irrationally; in a manner that is reacting instead of acting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 reactive memory banks:}{\f0 
 that portion of the mind which files and retains physical pain and painful emotion and seeks to direct the organism solely on a stimulus-response basis. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 a portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control, and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. Stored in the reactive min
d are engrams, and here we find the single source of aberrations and psychosomatic ills. Also called }{\f0\ul bank.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response ba
sis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul [Definition of }{\b\f0\ul case]}{\f0  \emdash 
}{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The re
active mind is where engrams are stored. Also called the }{\b\f0 bank.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind: }{\f0 
that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his voli
tional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the pow
er of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind: }{\f0 
that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind: }{\f0 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-resp
onse basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored.  \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the po
wer of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a perso
n's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{
\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control 
and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a
 person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are sto
red. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes,
 thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mi
nd which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. Also ca
lled the }{\f0\ul bank.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his a
wareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind: }{\f0 
that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of
 a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are s
tored. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command 
over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-2}{
\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under 
his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts f
orce and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is n
ot under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive min
d is where engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind: }{\f0 
that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and whic
h exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:***}{\f0  that portion of a pe
rson's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{
\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
*** that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. Th
e reactive mind is where engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
*** that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is 
where engrams are stored. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul reactive mind:***}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally sti
mulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
*** that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. For full data on the 
reactive mind, read }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health }{\f0 by L. Ron Hubbard. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volition
al control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is where engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is wh
ere engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0 
 that portion of a person's mind which works on a totally stimulus-response basis, which is not under his volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thoughts, body and actions. The reactive mind is whe
re engrams are stored. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul engram}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind: }{\f0 that portion of the min
d which works on a totally stimulus-response basis (given a certain stimulus it will automatically give a certain response) which is not under a person's volitional control and which exerts force and the power of command over his awareness, purposes, thou
ghts, body and actions. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 reactive mind:}{\f0  the ridge automatic response system. \emdash }{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008 - Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 reactive thought:}{\f0  identity thought. The reactive mind is disti
nguished by the fact that although it thinks, it thinks wholly in identities. For instance, to the reactive mind under certain conditions there would be no difference between a microphone and a table. An example of reactive thought is A=A=A=A: anything eq
uals anything equals anything. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 reactive thought:}{\f0  identity thought. The reactive mind is distinguished by the fact that although it thinks, it thinks wholly in identities. For instance, to the reactiv
e mind under certain conditions, there would be no difference between a microphone and a table. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 reactor:}{\f0  an apparatus in which an atomic fission chain reaction can be initiated, sustained and controlled, for generating heat or producing useful radiation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 reactor:}{\f0  an apparatus in which an atomic fission chain reaction can be initiated, sustained and controlled, for generating heat or producing useful radiation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 reactor: }{\b\f0\ul See nuclear reactor }{\f0 in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 read:}{\f0  caused the needle on an E-Meter to react. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul meter}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\b\f0 \emdash }{\b\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 read:***}{\f0  cause the needle on an E-Meter to react. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 read: }{\f0 gave a positive reaction on the E-Meter. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter }{\f0 in this glossary. }{\f0\ul I'm sorry. The withhold read even after false was checked.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs in Life Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Reader's Digest:}{\f0  a pocket-sized US magazine (1922 -  ) that reprints in condensed form articles from other periodicals. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Reader's Digest:}{\f0  a pocket-sized US magazine (1922 -  ) that reprints in condensed form articles from other periodicals. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Reader's Digest:}{\f0  pocket-sized US magazine (1922 -   ) that reprints in condensed form articles from other periodicals. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 read high:}{\f0  register high on the E-Meter tone arm. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 tone arm}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Read, Mary:}{\f0  (flourished 1710 - 1720) a woman who became a pirate and joined up with Anne Bonny and her husband. She was captured in 1720 but escaped the death penalty because of her sex. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Bonny, Anne}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reads: }{\f0 positive reactions on the E-Meter. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-12}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ready: }{\f0 immediately available for use. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 ready box:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Navy) }{\f0 a receptacle for ammunition that is readily available for use in the immediate vicinity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 realism:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (philosophy)}{\f0  the doctrine that material objects exist in themselves, apart from the mind's consciousness of them. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul 1.}{\f0  the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. }{\f0\ul 2.}{\f0 
 that agreement upon illusion which became the mest universe. \'d1}{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 reality: }{\f0 agreement upon perceptions and data in the physical universe. All that we can be sure is real is that on which we have agreed is real. Agreement is the essence of reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 
(app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul reality: }{\f0 agreement upon perceptions and data in the physical universe. All that we can be sure is real is that on which we have agreed is real. Agreement is the essence of reality. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{
\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reality:}{\f0  the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1
Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reality: }{\f0 the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the agreed-upon apparency of existence. A reality is any data that agrees with the person's perceptions, computations and education. Reality is one of the components of understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the degree of agreement reached by two people. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the solid objects, the }{\f0\ul real}{\f0  things of life; the degree of agreement reached by two people. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the solid objects, the }{\f0\ul real}{\f0  things of life; the degree of agreement reached by two people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reality:}{\f0  the solid objects, the }{\f0\ul real}{\f0  things of life; the degree of agreement reached by two people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reality:***}{\f0  the solid objects, the }{\f0\ul real}{\f0  things of life; the degree of agreement reached by two people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 reality:}{\f0 *** the solid objects, the }{\f0\ul real}{\f0 
 things of life; the degree of agreement reached by two people. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul ARC triangle }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 reality scale:}{\f0 
 a scale which begins at the bottom with solid communication lines, moves up through masses, agreements and considerations to postulates at the top.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 real property:}{\f0  real estate: the land together with the buildings, fences, trees, water and minerals that belong with it. }{\f0\ul Real}{\f0  means of or having to do with immovable property. Called }{\f0\ul real property}{\f0 
 to distinguish it from personal property (property that can be moved). \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 reamed out:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  rebuked harshly. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 reappraisal:}{\f0  a new and fresh evaluation; reconsideration. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul reappraisal:}{\f0  a new and fresh evaluation; reconsideration. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reap the whirlwind:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul sow the wind and reap the whirlwind,}{\f0  to engage in and suffer the consequences of evil or folly. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rear: }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  the buttocks. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rear admiral:}{\f0  a commissioned officer in the US Navy ranking above a captain. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul admiral}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rear admiral:}{\f0  a naval rank. }{\f0\ul Admiral }{\f0 
is the title of the commander of a fleet or of a subdivision of it. The four active ranks which are found in most navies are: admiral of the fleet, admiral, vice admiral, and rear admiral, in descending order. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rear admiral of the second upper echelon:}{\f0  a joking reference to an indefinite, high naval rank. A rear admiral is a commissioned officer ranking next below a vice-admiral. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0 from}{\f0\ul  Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0 rear, bring up the:}{\f0  put something at the end. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rear guard: }{\f0 a part of an army or military force detached from the main body to bring up and guard the rear from surprise attack, especially in a retreat. Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 rearing:}{\f0  helping grow up; bringing up. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reason:}{\f0  effort plus intention or thought plus effort. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 reasonable:}{\f0  unable to recognize illogical data for what it is. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reason why, (one) will know the: }{\f0 (one) will suffer, be punished, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rebellion:}{\f0  reference to the Civil War, the war fought in the United States between the northern and southern states from 1861 to 1865, in which the Confederacy (southern states) sought to establish itself as a separate nation. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Civil War }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rebellion:}{\f0  reference to the Civil War, the war fought in the United States between the northern and southern states from 1861 to 1865, in which the southern states }{\f0\ul (Confederacy)}{\f0 
 sought to establish itself as a separate nation. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Civil War }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rebuff:***}{\f0  repel; refuse; drive away. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 rebuffed:}{\f0  bluntly or abruptly rejected, as of a person's advances. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 rebuffed:}{\f0  checked; repelled; refused; driven away. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 rebuffed:}{\f0  refused bluntly; snubbed. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 recalcitrant:}{\f0  hard to handle or deal with. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 recalcitrant: }{\f0 \ldblquote kicking\rdblquote  against constraint or restriction; obstinately disobedient or rebellious; unmanageable. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 recalcitrant:}{\f0  refusing to follow direction, etc.; stubborn and defiant. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 recalcitrant:}{\f0  resisting authority or control; disobedient. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 recalcitrant:}{\f0  stubbornly defiant. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 recalcitrant:}{\f0  stubbornly defiant. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 recall:}{\f0  the ability to remember something that happened in the past. It is }{\f0\ul not}{\f0  reexperiencing, reliving or rerunning it. Recall}{\f0\ul  does not mean}{\f0 
 going back to when it happened. It simply means that you are in present time, thinking of, remembering, putting your attention on something that happened in the past--all done from present time. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 recalls:}{\f0  remembers something that happened in the past. It is }{\f0\ul not}{\f0  re-experiencing, re-living or re-running it. Recall}{\f0\ul  does not mean}{\f0 
 going back to when it happened. It simply means that you are in present time, thinking of, remembering, putting your attention on something that happened in the past\'d1all done from present time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 recants:}{\f0  withdraws or renounces (beliefs, statements, etc., formerly held), especially in a formal or public manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 recapitulation:}{\f0  (}{\f0\ul biology}{\f0 ) the theory that the stages an organism passes through during its embryonic development repeat the evolutionary stages of structural change in its ancestral lineage.\emdash }{\f0\ul 
Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 recasts:}{\f0  makes over; remodels. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It means proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote 
The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad nauseum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul Ad nauseum}{\f0  is a Latin phrase which literally means \ldblquote to nausea.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
reductio ad absurdum}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 remedy havingness:}{\f0  be run on }{\f0\ul Remedy of Havingness,}{\f0 
 a Scientology auditing process that has a preclear mock up a mass in front of him and shove it into his body, and mock up another mass in front of him and throw it away, over and over. When the process has been done thoroughly and
 completely, the preclear should be able to reject or accept, at his own discretion, anything in his environment as well as anything in his engram bank. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  process, mocking up}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rememberingness:}{\f0  the state, quality or condition of remembering. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Republicans: }{\b\f0\ul see Democrats and the Republicans}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulated:}{\f0  stimulated something anew. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation, in:}{\f0  in reactivation due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul RECE - RES
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 receipt-point:***}{\f0  that which receives a communication; effect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 receipt-point:}{\f0  that which receives a communication; effect. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul communication}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 source-point}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 receipt-point:}{\f0 *** that which receives a communication; effect. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul communication, effect}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 source-point}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 receipt-point:}{\f0  that which receives a communication; effect. The person making a statement is causing a communication; the one receiving the statement is the effect or receipt-point of the communication. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 receipt-point:}{\f0  that which receives a communication. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul communication}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 source-point}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 receipt-point:}{\f0  that which receives a communication. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul communication}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 source-point}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 receipt-point:***}{\f0  that which receives a communication. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul communication}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 source-point}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 receipt-point:}{\f0  that which receives a communication. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul source-point}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 receiving ward:}{\f0  room or division of a hospital set apart to grant admittance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Reception Center:}{\f0  (also called Reception) a room in the org where public and staff are received and properly directed to their correct destination. \emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Receptionist:}{\f0  the person who is responsible for seeing to it that public and staff received in Reception are rapidly and correctly directed to their proper destination.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 recession:}{\f0  a condition wherein, without much lifting in the Tone Scale, an incident, by repetition, goes out of sight; in a few days that incident will be back in force again, almost as strong as ever. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul recession:}{\f0  a condition wherein, without much lifting in the Tone Scale, an incident, by repetition, goes out of sight; in a few days that incident will be back in force again, almost as strong as ever. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Tone Scale }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 recital:}{\f0 *** a performance of music or dance, especially by a solo performer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 recluse:}{\f0  a person who lives in seclusion or apart from society, often for religious meditation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Recognitions Chief:}{\f0  on the Sea Org org board at the time of the lecture this was the head of Department One, responsible for recruitment of personnel, routing, post assignments, watch assignments, boards, transfers, hats and appearances.}{
\f0\ul  }{\f0 The head of Department One is now called the Director of Routing and Personnel. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 recompense: }{\f0 payment in return for something given or done, as services. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 recompensed:}{\f0  rewarded; paid.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reconcile:}{\f0  settle or resolve, as a dispute. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reconscious:}{\f0  made-up term for an imaginary aspect of the mind; extension of the terms \ldblquote conscious,\rdblquote  \ldblquote subconscious,\rdblquote  \ldblquote unconscious,\rdblquote 
 etc. Used as a humorous reference to the complex and meaningless terminology of psychiatry. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Recorder of Wills and Testaments:}{\f0  the public officer who keeps the records and disposes (arranges matters and settles affairs) of deceased persons' real estate and personal property. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 recount:}{\f0  tell in detail; give the facts or particulars of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 recourse:}{\f0  access or resort to a person or thing for help or protection. \'d1}{\f0\ul Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 recourse:}{\f0  applying or going to for help, advice or information. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 recourse:}{\f0  a turning or applying to a person or thing for aid or security. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 recourse:}{\f0  a turning or seeking for aid, safety, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 recriminations: }{\f0 counteraccusations; accusations brought in turn by the accused against the accuser. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 recriminative:}{\f0  accusing in return. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rectabulous skootum:}{\f0  a made-up name for a body part. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul rectahedron:}{\f0  a coined term for a geometrical figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rectahedron:}{\f0  a coined term for a geometrical figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rectify:}{\f0  put or set right; correct. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 recurring:}{\f0  happening, coming up or showing up again or repeatedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{
\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 RED 352:}{\f0  abbreviation for L}{\f0\ul R}{\f0 H}{\f0\ul  E}{\f0 xecutive }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 irective}{\f0\ul  352 Int,}{\f0  }{\f0\ul Today and Tomorrow.}{\f0  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 red:}{\f0  having to do with the Soviet Union or any communist country. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 red:}{\f0  politically radical or revolutionary; especially, communist. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Red Badge of Courage:}{\f0  a novel fr
om the late nineteenth century by the American author Stephen Crane (1871 - 1900), about a young man whose romantic notions of heroism in combat are shattered when he fights in the American Civil War (1861 - 1865). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red carpet:}{\f0  a carpet laid down for royalty or other notable persons to walk on when being received formally or given preferential treatment. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 red carpet:}{\f0 *** a carpet laid down for royalty or other notable persons to walk on when being received formally or given preferential treatment. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0 
 Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Red China:}{\f0  the People's Republic of China; communist China. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Red China:}{\f0  the People's Republic of China; communist China. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 redcoat:}{\f0  a British soldier in a uniform with a red coat, as during the American Revolution (war for American independence from Britain, 1775 to 1781).}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 redcoats:}{\f0  British soldiers in uniforms with red coats, as during the American Revolution (the war for American independence from Britain, 1775 to 1783). \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 redcoats:}{\f0  British soldiers in uniforms with red coats, as during the American Revolution (war for American independence from Britain, 1775 to 1783). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 redcoats:}{\f0  British soldiers in uniforms with red coats, as during the American Revolution (war for American independence from Britain, 1775 to 1783).}{\f0\ul  \emdash Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 redcoats:}{\f0  British soldiers in uniforms with red coats, as during the American Revolution (war for American independence from Britain, 1775 to 1783). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 red death:}{\f0 
 a coined name for the measles, a disease which causes small red spots on the skin, a high fever and is highly contagious. In isolated communities that have long been free from epidemics of measles, introduction of infection can be followed by a devast
ating epidemic which can result in death. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reddy Kilowatt:}{\f0 
 the name of a former symbol to personify the gas and electric industry in the United States. Reddy Kilowatt was designed in 1926 as a friendly character with a lightning bolt body, a light bulb for his nose and outlets for ears. He was used in a promotio
nal campaign for the use of electricity with such slogans as \ldblquote live electrically and enjoy the difference.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red-faced:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  embarrassed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 red-faced:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  embarrassed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 red flag:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  something serving as a warning of trouble or danger ahead. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 red flag:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  something serving as a warning of trouble or danger ahead; a sign of danger. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red flag:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  something serving as a warning of trouble or danger ahead; a sign of danger. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red flag: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  something serving as a warning of trouble or danger ahead. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red flag, flying the:}{\f0  supporting communism, from the red flag which was a symbol of Soviet Russian communism. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 red flags:}{\f0  symbols of Soviet Russian communism. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red hands and black heads:}{\f0  a coined expression for having done evil. Red hands comes from }{\f0\ul red-handed,}{\f0  so called from the idea of a murderer caught with the blood of his victi
m on his hands. Black heads implies the black hoods traditionally worn by executors to hide their identity. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red hands and black heads:}{\f0  coined expression for having done evil. Red hands comes from }{\f0\ul red-handed,}{\f0 
 so called from the idea of a murderer caught with the blood of his victim on his hands. Black heads implies the black hoods traditionally worn by executors to hide their identity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 redheaded:}{\f0  hot-tempered (having a quick or violent temper). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds hav
e used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}
{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the gro
und, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{
\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0  something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter
 at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a d
og which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0 
 and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose a
ny other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0 
 and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0  something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes
 the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminal
s who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this 
knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the ground
, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{
\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0  something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at
 hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog 
which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0 
 and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any
 other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0 
 and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring: }{\f0 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes 
the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals
 who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this 
knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the ground
, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{
\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul red herring:}{\f0  something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a
 misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which ge
ts a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0 
 and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0\ul red herring:}{\f0 
 something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if
 trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will los
e any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression  }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0 
 and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 red herring:}{\f0 
*** something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that
 changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. 
Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0 
 and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 red herring: }{\f0 
something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor is very useful, if 
trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bl
oodhounds have used this knowledge to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 red herring: }{\f0 
something intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; a misleading clue. Red herring is herring that has been cured by smoke, a process that changes the color of the flesh to a reddish hue. Its persistent odor i
s very useful, if trailed over the ground, for training a dog to follow a scent. But a dog which gets a good whiff of red herring will lose any other scent that it has been following. Criminals who have been chased by bloodhounds have used this knowledge 
to advantage. Thus the expression }{\f0\ul to drag a red herring over the trail}{\f0  and similar expressions are used to refer to anything which misleads one or causes one to lose the trail. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 red herrings:}{\f0  things intended to divert attention from the real problem or matter at hand; misleading clues. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 red-hot:}{\f0  a person who has great fervor or intensity, as for a goal or cause. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red-hot: }{\f0 sensational, lively, exciting, intense. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red-hot:}{\f0 *** violent, furious or intense. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 red-hots:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 persons who are highly inflamed or excited; fiery; violently enthusiastic. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 red, in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 in debt; having taken out more money than one has in the bank. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 red-letter day:}{\f0  a day on which something good or special happens or is supposed to happen. From the fact that important days are often shown in red instead of black on calendars, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0 
 Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 red-light district:}{\f0  an area or district in a city in which many houses of prostitution are located. Allegedly so called because brothels displayed red lights. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red-light district:}{\f0 *** an area or district in a city in which many houses of prostitution are located. Allegedly so called because brothels displayed red lights. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Red Orchestra, The:}{\f0 
 a book (1969) written by Gilles Perrault (1931 -  ), about Russian agents in Berlin during World War II. A code radio message which contained their names and addresses was broken and they were then rounded up and executed on meat hooks by the Germans. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red raw:}{\f0  very outspoken, undisguised or blunt. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 redress:}{\f0  a setting right; reparation; relief. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Red Ryder:}{\f0  the name of the featured character in the Western style comic strip entitled \ldblquote Red Ryder\rdblquote  produced in 1938 by Fred Harman (1902 - 1982) American artist, cowboy and rancher. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Red Sea:}{\f0  a sea between northeastern Africa and western Arabia. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red side of the ledger:}{\f0  reference to the page or section of an accounting ledger which shows loss of money or debts, from the practice of entering negative amounts in account books with red ink. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Red Square:}{\f0  a large plaza in Moscow in which great demonstrations, and sport and military parades are held. Bordering on Red Square is the Kremlin, a large fortress which is the seat of the government of the Soviet Union. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Red Square:}{\f0  a large plaza in Moscow in which great demonstrations, sport and military parades are held. Bordering on Red Square is the Kremlin, a large fortress which is the seat of the government of the Soviet Union. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red star:}{\f0  refers to the symbol used to represent communist China. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 red tab: }{\f0 a large red card placed on the outside front cover of a preclear folder which indicates that a repair session must be done within twenty-four hours. Also called }{\f0\ul red tag.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Ins
tant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red-tab:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  high-ranking. From the red tabs on British officers' collars. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 red-tab:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  high-ranking. From the red tabs on British officers' collars. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red tabbed:}{\f0  in need of a repair after a flubbed session. Such a session calls for a large red tab to be placed on the outside front cover of the preclear's folder to indicate that a repair session must be done within twenty-four hours. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Auditor Administration (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 red tabbed:}{\f0  noted as having received a flubbed session which called for a large red card to be placed on the outside front cover of the preclear's folder. A red tab indicates that a repair session must be done within twenty-four hours. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red tag: }{\f0 a large red card placed on the outside front cover of a pc folder which indicates that a repair session must be done within 24 hours. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 red tags: }{\f0 large red cards place on the outside front cover of preclear folders which indicate that repair sessions must be done within twenty-four hours. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Examiner's 24-hour rule.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 red tape:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 too much attention to details and forms; bureaucratic routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reduce:}{\f0  put into a simpler form. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul reduce:}{\f0  reach a point where all the charge or p
ain is gone from an incident. It is done by having the preclear recount the incident from beginning to end over and over again, picking up all the somatics and perceptions present as though the incident were happening at that moment. To }{\f0\ul reduce}{
\f0  means, technically, to render free of aberrative material as far as possible to make the case progress. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul aberration}{\f0  }{\b\f0  }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reduce:}{\f0  take all the charge or pain out of an incident
. This means to have the preclear recount the incident from beginning to end (while returned to it in reverie) over and over again, picking up all the somatics and perceptions present just as though the incident were happening at that moment. To }{\f0\ul 
reduce}{\f0  means, technically, to render free of aberrative material as far as possible to make the case progress. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reduce:}{\f0  take all the charge or pain out of an incident. This means to have the preclear recount the incident from beginning 
to end (while returned to it in reverie) over and over again, picking up all the somatics and perceptions present just as though the incident were happening at that moment. To }{\f0\ul reduce}{\f0 
 means, technically, to render free of aberrative material as far as possible to make the case progress. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reduce:}{\f0  to bring into a certain order; systematize. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  reduction. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 reductio ad absurbdum: }{\b\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote  It means p
roof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote 
The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote  It means proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. It i
s used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum: (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0 
 proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote  It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul 
Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0 
 proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote  It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul 
Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. }{\f0\ul Example:}{\f0  \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally means \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. Example: \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally means \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. Example: \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally means \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote 
 It is used loosely of taking an argument or principle to impractical lengths. Example: \ldblquote The more sleep one has the longer one lives. To sleep all the time ensures the longest possible life.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 reductio ad gastronomy:}{\f0  a play on the phrase }{\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum. Gastronomy}{\f0  means \ldblquote the art or science of good eating.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  reductio ad absurdum}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0 from }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0 reduction:}{\f0  the act of taking all the charge or pain out of an incident.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul reductio to total suppression:}{\f0  a reduction to utter suppression, from a variation of the Latin phrase }{\f0\ul reductio ad absurdum: }{\f0 
proof of the falsity of a principle by demonstrating that its logical consequence involves an absurdity. Literally, \ldblquote reduction to absurdity.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 redwood:}{\f0  an evergreen tree of the California and southern Oregon coasts. It is amongst the world's largest trees, reaching a height of over 300 feet and an age of several thousand years. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 reed:}{\f0  a thin strip of some flexible substance placed within the opening of the mouthpiece of certain wind instruments, as the clarinet: when vibrated by the breath, it produces a musical tone. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9A}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reed:}{\f0 *** a thin strip of some flexible substance placed within the opening of the mouthpiece of certain wind instruments, as the clarinet: when vibrated by the breath, it produces a musical tone. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM 9A Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 25 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 reeds:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (music)}{\f0 
 small, flexible pieces of cane, plastic or metal that, attached to the mouth of any of various wind instruments, are set into vibration by a stream of air and, in turn, set into vibration the air column enclosed in the tube of the instrument. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 reek:***}{\f0  are filled with something unpleasant or offensive. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 reelingness:}{\f0  state, quality or instance of feeling dizzy; having a sensation of spinning or whirling.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 reelingness:}{\f0  state, quality or instance of having a whirling feeling in one's head; being or becoming confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reelingness:***}{\f0  state, quality or instance of having a whirling feeling in one's head; being or becoming confused. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 refer:}{\f0  to send or direct (to someone or something) for aid, information, consideration or decision. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 referendum:}{\f0  the submission of a law, proposed or already in effect, to a direct vote of the people. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 refit:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (noun) }{\f0 an act or instance of refitting, which is to make or be made ready or fit for use again, as by repairing, reequipping or resupplying. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90

\par }{\b\f0 reflexive effect-point: }{\f0 a causative action calculated to result in an effect upon the cause-point. }{\f0\ul Reflexive}{\f0  is from the Latin }{\f0\ul reflexivus}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote turned back, reflected.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 reform school:}{\f0  an institution for reforming young offenders against the laws; prison for young criminals. Also called a }{\f0\ul reformatory.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 refuge:}{\f0  shelter or protection from danger, difficulty, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 refund:}{\f0  a return of money after service. Anyone demanding a refund from a Scientology organization is thereafter refused further and all future training or processing as the condition of refund. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 refund: }{\f0 a return of money after service. Anyone demanding a refund from a Scientology organization is thereafter refused further and all future training or processing as the condition of refund. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg: }{\f0 a Saint Hill Special Briefing Course Instructor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0 *** a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Reg: }{\f0 a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg: }{\f0 a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Reg:}{\f0  a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Reg: }{\f0 a staff member at Saint Hill at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Registrar,}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{
\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Reg:***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Registrar,}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0 
 Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 regard:}{\f0  respect and liking; esteem (good opinion). \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 regime: }{\f0 a manner, method or system of rule or government; a system or institution having widespread influence or prevalence. Now frequently applied disparagingly to a particular government or administration. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 regime:}{\f0  a mode or system of rule or government. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 regimen:}{\f0  a certain settled schedule of things. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 regimen: }{\f0 a regulated course, as of diet, exercise or manner of living, intended to preserve or restore health or to attain some result. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 regimen:}{\f0  the systematic procedure of a natural phenomena or process. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 regimen:}{\f0  the workhorse combination of processes that boosts the case to Clear after it has been started. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process, case}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 clear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 regiment:}{\f0  a military unit of ground forces organized into two or more battalions. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul battalion}{\f0  }{\b\f0 commander}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 regiment:}{\f0  a military unit of ground forces organized into two or more battalions. Usually commanded by a colonel. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 regiment: }{\f0 an army unit consisting of several companies of soldiers, usually commanded by a colonel. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 regiment: }{\f0 an army unit consisting of several companies of soldiers, usually commanded by a colonel. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 regiment: }{\f0 an army unit consisting of several companies of soldiers, usually commanded by a colonel.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 regiment: }{\f0 an army unit consisting of several companies of soldiers, usually commanded by a colonel. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 regiment: }{\f0 an army unit consisting of several companies of soldiers, usually commanded by a colonel. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reginald:}{\f0  a made-up name for a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 register:}{\f0  a device or contrivance by which data of some kind are automatically recorded; indicator. \'d1}{\f0\ul Oxford English Dictionary}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 registered:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul registered mail}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul registered post,}{\f0  prepaid first-class mail that has been recorded at a post office prior to delivery for safeguarding against loss, theft or damage during transmission. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 registered post:}{\f0  prepaid first-class mail that has been recorded at a post office prior to delivery for safeguarding against loss, theft or damage during transmission. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Registrar: }{\f0 the person directly responsible for all student and pc procurement and keeping the org full. Registrars sign up people for Scientology services. In a Sc
ientology org, there are different types of Registrars to handle different types of registration traffic: Body Registrar, Advance Scheduling Registrar, Letter Registrar and Public Registrar. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Registrar:}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Registrar:}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991

\par }{\b\f0 Registrar:}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Registrar:}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Orientation Glossary (Attachment to HCOPL 5 Feb. 79RA III)}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 Registrar:}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Registrar: }{\f0 the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Registrar:}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Registrar:}{\f0  the person directly responsible for enlightening individuals on Dianetics and Scientology services and signing them up for training and auditing. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Registrar: }{\f0 the person who signs up people for Scientology courses and other services. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Registrars:}{\f0  people directly responsible for all student and preclear procurement and keeping the org full. Registrars sign up people for Scientology services. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Registrars: }{\f0 persons who sign up people for Scientology courses and other services. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Registrars: }{\f0 persons who sign up people for Scientology courses and other services. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 registration:}{\f0  the act of setting down (facts, names, etc.) formally in writing. In a Scientology org, registration includes being directly 
responsible for all student and preclear procurement and keeping the org full by signing people up for Scientology services. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 registration:}{\f0 
 the act of setting down (facts, names, etc.) formally in writing. In a Scientology org, registration includes being directly responsible for all student and preclear procurement and keeping the org full by signing people up for Scientology services. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 registry: }{\f0 the act or condition of recording. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 regressed:}{\f0  gone back; returned; moved backward. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 regression:}{\f0  a technique by which part of the individual's self remained in the present and part went back to the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Regular Army:}{\f0  the part of the army of the United States that is made up of professionals and provides a permanent standing army. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Regulus the Third:}{\f0  a made-up name for a king. }{\f0\ul Regulus}{\f0  means a petty king or ruler. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 regurgitate:}{\f0 
 give back or repeat, especially something not fully understood or assimilated. Used humorously in this lecture with no particular meaning. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 regurgitating:}{\f0  giving back or repeating, especially something not fully understood or assimilated. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rehabilitated: }{\f0 restored to some former ability or state of being or some more optimum condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rehabilitating:}{\f0  restoring to some former ability or state of being or some more optimum condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reich: }{\b\f0\ul see German Reich}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reich, Wilhelm:}{\f0  (1897 - 1957) Austrian psychiatrist and social critic. Even before his graduation from the University of Vienna he began practice as a psychoanalyst and became influential in this movement. His pra
ctice expanded from Austria into Germany where, as a member of the Communist Party, he attempted to integrate his work as a sex counselor into the broader revolutionary movement. Reich's activities were suspect by the leaders of the Communist Party and, a
t the time of Hitler's assumption to power in Germany in 1933, he was forced to flee to Denmark. Later that year he was ousted from the Communist Party as a result of a work he published against official communistic doctrine. After attacks by other psychi
at
rists and the press he left Denmark for Sweden and a short while later went on to Norway. In 1937 his detractors reached him in Norway and he moved to the US and practiced there for many years. In the last years of his life, Reich showed little interest i
n psychiatry, devoting his efforts to discoveries in the field of physics. In 1956 he was sentenced to two years' imprisonment for disobeying a government injunction which the Food and Drug Administration had obtained against him, ordering destruction of 
all orgone boxes, his journals and books. He died while in prison a year later. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul orazone, psychiatrist}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 psychoanalyst }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reigate:}{\f0  a residential suburb of London. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reign: }{\f0 have control, rule or influence of any kind. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 reign:}{\f0  the period of power of a ruler. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Reilly, the life of:}{\f0  a life of luxury. From a comic song, \ldblquote Is That Mr. Reilly,\rdblquote  popular in the USA in the 1880s. The song described what the hero would do if he \ldblquote struck it rich.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reincarnated:}{\f0  reborn in another body. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reincarnated:}{\f0  reborn in another body. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reincarnation:}{\f0  the doctrine that the soul reappears after death in another and different bodily form. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reincarnation:}{\f0  the occupation by the soul of a new body after the death of the former body. The word comes from Latin, meaning literally \ldblquote taking on flesh again.\rdblquote 
 This definition has been distorted and complicated over time, but the original and }{\f0\ul correct }{\f0 meaning of the word is simply \ldblquote to take on a new body.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 reiterated:}{\f0  repeated (something done or said); said or done again or repeatedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Rejection Level:}{\f0  Rejection Level Processing: that processing which discovers the condition in which a person or object must be in order that the preclear be able to reject it freely. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 
(app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul rejection level:}{\f0  the condition in which a person or object must be in order that the preclear be able to reject it freely. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 relapse:}{\f0  the act or instance of slipping or falling back into a former condition, especially after improvement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 relating:}{\f0  telling about; giving an account of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 relative:}{\f0  as compared with something else; comparative. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 relative:}{\f0  existing or having its specific nature only by relation to something else; not absolute or independent. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 relative course: }{\f0 angle between the course of one's own ship and that of another adjacent ship. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 relatively:}{\f0  in relation to or compared with something else; not absolutely. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  an individual from whom have been released the current or chronic mental and physical difficulties and painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  an individual from whom have been released the current or chronic mental and physical difficulties and painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  an individual from whom have been released the current or chronic mental and physical difficulties and painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  an individual from whom have been released the current or chronic mental and physical difficulties and painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  an individual who has been released of current or chronic mental and physical difficulties and painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  an individual who has been released of current or chronic mental and physical difficulties and painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0 
 a person who has been separated (released) from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages of Release and these
 are called grades. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 grades}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 release:}{\f0  a state in which an individual has been released of current or chronic mental and physical difficulties and painful emotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0 
 a state which is achieved in auditing when a person separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages o
f Release. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  a state which is achieved in auditing when a pers
on separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages of Release. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0 
 a state which is achieved in auditing when a person separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages o
f Release. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0 
 a state which is achieved in auditing when a person separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages o
f Release. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  a state which is achieved in auditing when a person separates fr
om his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages of Release. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0 
*** a state which is achieved in auditing when a person separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number
 of states or stages of Release. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 release:}{\f0  separate (a person) from his reactive mind or some part of it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 release:}{\f0  take the perceptions or effort or effectiveness out of a heavy facsimile, or take away the preclear's hold on the facsimile. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Release:}{\f0  the term for what occurs when a person separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanen
ce of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages of Release and these are called grades. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 grades; Expanded Lower Grades}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Release:***}{\f0 
 the term for what occurs when a person separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages of Rele
ase and these are called grades. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 grades}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 release:}{\f0  (verb) the act of taking the perceptions or effort or effectiveness out of a heavy facsimile or taking away the preclear's hold on the facsimile. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Releases:}{\f0 
 people who have reached a certain stage of Release, a term for what occurs when a person separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relativ
e permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages of Release.   \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Releases:}{\f0 
 people who have reached a certain stage of Release, a term for what occurs when a person separates from his reactive mind or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. The
re are a number of states or stages of Release. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Releases:}{\f0 
 the term for what occurs when people separate from their reactive minds or some part of it. The degree and relative permanence of being pulled out of the reactive mind determines the state of Release. There are a number of states or stages of Release and
 these are called grades. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 grades}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 releasing:}{\f0 *** being caused to lose a fixation or an aberration of one kind or another through the use of Scientology techniques. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 relentless:}{\f0  persistent; not stopping, relaxing or slackening; incessant. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 relic:}{\f0  a surviving trace of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 religion:}{\f0  any specific system of belief, worship, etc., often involving a code of ethics. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Religious Technology Center (RTC):}{\f0  the organization which owns all the trademarks of Dianetics and Scientology and controls their licensing and use. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Religious Technology Center (RTC):}{\f0  the organization which owns all the trademarks of Dianetics and Scientology and controls their licensing and use. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Religious Technology Center (RTC):***}{\f0  the organization which owns all the trademarks of Dianetics and Scientology and controls their licensing and use. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 relish:}{\f0  pleasure; enjoyment. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 relishes:}{\f0  takes pleasure in; likes; enjoys. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Rembrandt:}{\f0 
 Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterdam studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633), Dutch painter and engraver, who influ
enced Rembrandt's sense of composition and frequent choice of religious and historical themes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Flemish school}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rembrandt:}{\f0 
 Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterdam studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633) Dutch painter and engraver, who influe
nced Rembrandt's sense of composition and frequent choice of religious and historical themes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rembrandt:}{\f0  Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter 
and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterdam studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633) Dutch painter and engraver, who influenced Rembrandt's sense of composition and frequent choice 
of religious and historical themes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rembrandt:}{\f0  Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterda
m studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633) Dutch painter and engraver, who influenced Rembrandt's sense of composition and frequent choice of religious and historical themes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rembrandt:}{\f0  Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rembrandt:}{\f0  Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in his
tory. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterdam studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633), Dutch painter and engraver, who influenced Rembrandt's sense of composition and frequent choice of religious and historical themes. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rembrandt:}{\f0 
 Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterdam studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633), Dutch paint
er and engraver, who influenced Rembrandt's sense of composition and frequent choice of religious and historical themes. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rembrandt:}{\f0 
 Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterdam studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633), Dutch painter and engraver, who influ
enced Rembrandt's sense of composition and frequent choice of religious and historical themes. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rembrandt:}{\f0 
 Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterdam studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633), Dutch painter and engraver, who influ
enced Rembrandt's sense of composition and frequent choice of religious and historical themes. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rembrandt:}{\f0  Harmensz van Rijn Rembrandt 
(1606 - 1669), Dutch painter and etcher; considered one of the greatest painters in history. He received his most valuable training in the Amsterdam studio of Pieter Lastman (1583 - 1633), Dutch painter and engraver, who influenced Rembrandt's sense of co
mposition and frequent choice of religious and historical themes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Rembrandt:}{\f0  Rembrandt Harmensz van Rijn (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter. Considered one of the greatest painters in history. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rembrandt:}{\f0  Rembrandt Harmensz van Rijn (1606 - 1669), Dutch painter. Considered one of the greatest painters in history. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rembrandt Profile:}{\f0  the name of a profile portraiture technique using }{\f0\ul Rembrandt lighting: }{\f0 
one plane of the side of the face is fully illuminated and another plane of the same side is in shadow, creating a mysterious and dramatic effect. This style of lighting is called \ldblquote Rembrandt\rdblquote 
 because he used it in many of his paintings. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Remedying Havingness:}{\f0 
 a Scientology auditing process that has a preclear mock up a mass in front of him and shove it into his body, and mock up another mass in front of him and throw it away, over and over. When the process has been done thoroughly and completely, the preclea
r should be able to reject or accept, at his own discretion, anything in his environment as well as anything in his engram bank. Also called }{\f0\ul Remedy of Havingness}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Remedy of Havingness:}{\f0  a Scientology auditin
g process that has a preclear mock up a mass in front of him and shove it into his body, and mock up another mass in front of him and throw it away, over and over. When the process has been done thoroughly and completely, the preclear should be able to re
ject or accept, at his own discretion, anything in his environment as well as anything in his engram bank. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Remedy of Havingness:}{\f0  a Scientology auditing process that has a preclear mock up a mass in front of him and shove 
it into his body, and mock up another mass in front of him and throw it away, over and over. When the process has been done thoroughly and completely, the preclear should be able to reject or accept, at his own discretion, anything in his environment as w
ell as anything in his engram bank. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Remedy of Havingness:}{\f0  a Scientology auditing process that has a preclear mock up a mass in front of him and shove it into his body, and mock up another mass in front of him and throw it away, o
ver and over. When the process has been done thoroughly and completely, the preclear should be able to reject or accept, at his own discretion, anything in his environment as well as anything in his engram bank. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Remedy of Havingness:}{\f0 
 Scientology auditing that has a preclear mock up a mass in front of him and shove it into his body, and mock up another mass in front of him and throw it away, over and over. When the process has been done thoroughly and completely, the precl
ear should be able to reject or accept, at his own discretion, anything in his environment as well as anything in his engram bank. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 remimeo:}{\f0  a distribution code often found in the upper left-hand corner of technical bulletins and policy letters meaning that churches which receive this must mimeograph it again and distribute it to staff. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 remimeo:}{\f0  a distribution code often found in the upper left-hand corner of technical bulletins (HCOBs) and policy letters (HCO PLs) meaning that churches which receive this must mimeograph it again and distribute it to staff.  \emdash }{
\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 remimeo:}{\f0  a distribution code often found in the upper left-hand corner of technical bulletins and policy letters meaning that churches which receive this must mimeograph it again and distribute it to staff. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 remimeo:}{\f0  a distribution code often found in the upper left-hand corner of technical bulletins and policy letters meaning that churches which receive this must mimeograph it again and distribute it to staff. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Remimeo:}{\f0  a distribution code often found in the upper left-hand corner of technical bulletins and policy letters meaning that churches which receive this must mimeograph it again and distribute it to staff. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 remimeo:***}{\f0  a distribution code often found in the upper left-hand corner of technical bulletins and policy letters meaning that churches which receive this must mimeograph it again and distribute it to staff. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Remington:}{\f0 
 a firearms manufacturer in the US established by Eliphalet Remington (1793 - 1861), American inventor and gunsmith. Trained in blacksmithing, he forged a rifle barrel for himself out of scrap iron; this led to his making guns for others and eventually to
 establishing a firearms factory and supplying firearms on government contracts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Remington:}{\f0  the brand name for a common American electric razor, first manufactured in 1937. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 remission:}{\f0  a relatively prolonged lessening or disappearance of the symptoms of a disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 remonstrance:}{\f0  a speech or gesture of protest, opposition or reproof.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 remonstrate:}{\f0  to present and urge reasons in opposition or complaint, protest. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 remonstrated:}{\f0  presented and urged reasons in opposition or complaint; protested.  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 remorse:}{\f0  a deep feeling of sorrow or guilt over a wrong one has done. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 remorse:}{\f0  deep regret for one's wrongdoing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 remote viewpoint: }{\f0 a viewpoint without the consideration by the thetan that he is located at that point. The thetan may have any number of remote viewpoints. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 remote viewpoints:}{\f0  those viewpoints which an individual puts out remotely, to look through. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 remote viewpoints:}{\f0  those viewpoints which an individual puts out remotely, to look through. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 remote viewpoints:}{\f0  viewpoints without the consideration by the thetan that he is located at those points. The thetan may have any number of remote viewpoints. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul remunerative:***}{\f0  rewarding; profitable; well paid. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 remunerative:}{\f0  rewarding, profitable, well paid. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Renaissance:}{\f0 
 the great revival of art, literature and learning in Europe in the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries, based on classical (Greek and Roman) sources. It began in Italy and spread gradually to other countries and marked the transition from the medieval world (f
rom about a.d. 500 to 1450) to the modern. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Renaissance:}{\f0 
 the great revival of art, literature and learning in Europe in the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries, based on classical (Greek and Roman) sources. It began in Italy and spread gradually to other countries and marked the transition from the medieval world (f
rom about a.d. 500 to 1450) to the modern. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Renaissance:}{\f0  the great revival of art, literature and learning in Europe in the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries, based on c
lassical (Greek and Roman) sources. It began in Italy and spread gradually to other countries and marked the transition from the medieval world (from about a.d. 500 to 1450) to the modern. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Renault tank:}{\f0  a tank manufactured by the French company, Renault. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 render:}{\f0  cause to be or become; make. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rendition:}{\f0  representation, depiction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Reno:}{\f0  the largest city in the state of Nevada; famed as a tourist attraction and playground center. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Reno:}{\f0  the largest city in the state of Nevada; famed as a tourist attraction and playground center with numerous gambling casinos. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Repair Program:}{\f0  a program by a C/S for a pc that eradicates case mishandling by current life or auditing errors. It takes the case from where it has falsely gotten to on the Grade Chart and gets off the overwhelm with light processes. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 repayment:}{\f0  a return of money without the service being taken. Anyone demanding a repayment from a Scientology organization is thereafter refused further and all future training or processing as the condition of repayment. }{\f0\ul See also }
{\b\f0\ul refund }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-10 and EM-10A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 repeater technique:}{\f0  a Dianetics auditing technique given in the book }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health}{\f0  in which the auditor would have the preclear repeat over and over certain phrases found in engrams being run. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 repeater technique:}{\f0  a Dianetics auditing technique given in the book }{\f0\ul Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health}{\f0  in which the auditor would have the preclear repeat over and over certain phrases found in engrams being run. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 repeater technique:}{\f0  the repetition of a word or phrase in order to produce movement on the time track into areas of auditor has placed the p
atient in reverie, if he discovers the disturbed thought containing that word or phrase. After the patient, for instance, insists he \ldblquote can't go anyplace,\rdblquote 
 the auditor makes him repeat the phrase. Repetition of such a phrase, over and over, sucks the patient back down the track and into contact with an engram which contains it. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul repeater technique:}{\f0  the repetition of a word or phrase in order to produce movement on the time track into areas of disturbed thought containing that wor
d or phrase. After the auditor has placed the preclear in reverie, if he discovers the preclear, for instance, insists he \ldblquote can't go anyplace,\rdblquote 
 the auditor makes him repeat the phrase. Repetition of such a phrase, over and over, sucks the preclear back down the track and into contact with an engram which contains it. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor, engram }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reverie }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 repeat information folder:}{\f0  one of three information packets; packages made up and
 mailed by the Letter Registrar for newly interested people whose names have been received. Three different information packets are made available for mailing to names on mailing lists as whereas the first may not cause the person to reach further, the se
cond or third may. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 repercussions:}{\f0  far-reaching, often indirect effects of or reactions to some event or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul repercussions:}{\f0  far-reaching, often indirect effects of or reactions to some event or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 repercussive:}{\f0  causing repercussion, a far-reaching, often indirect effect of or reaction to some event or action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 repertoire:}{\f0  the stock of special skills, devices, techniques, etc., of a particular person or a particular field of endeavor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 repertoire:}{\f0  the stock of special skills, devices, techniques, etc., of a particular person or a particular field of endeavor. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive auditing command:}{\f0 
 an auditing command which is given over and over again to the preclear. The preclear answers the question and the auditor acknowledges him. The command is given until it no longer produces change or a reaction in the preclear. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive Prepchecking:}{\f0  a procedure of prepchecking developed in 1962, where (1) the auditor asks the question repeti
tively until the preclear says there are no more answers. (2) The auditor then checks it on the meter and watches for the instant read. If it reads, the auditor gets an answer to his question. The cycle is repeated over and over until the meter is clean o
f any instant read. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Prepcheck}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 repetitive process }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive process:}{\f0  an auditing process which is run over and over again, with the same question of the preclear. The preclear answers the question a
nd the auditor acknowledges him. The process is run until it no longer produces change or a reaction in the preclear. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive process:}{\f0 
 an auditing process which is run over and over again, with the same question of the preclear. The preclear answers the question and the auditor acknowledges him. The process is run until it no longer produces change or a reaction in the preclear. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive process:}{\f0  an audi
ting process which is run over and over again, with the same question of the preclear. The preclear answers the question and the auditor acknowledges him. The process is run until it no longer produces change or a reaction in the preclear. \emdash }{
\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive process:}{\f0  an auditing process which is run over and over again, with the same question of the preclear. The preclear answers the question and the auditor acknowledges him. The process is run until it no longer produces cha
nge or a reaction in the preclear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive process:}{\f0 
*** an auditing process which is run over and over again, with the same question of the preclear. The preclear answers the question and the auditor acknowledges him. The process is run until it no longer produces change or a reaction in the preclear. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive process:}{\f0  an auditing process which is run over and over with the same question asked of, or 
command given to, the preclear. The preclear answers the question or command and the auditor acknowledges him. The process is run until it no longer produces change or a reaction in the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive process:}{\f0  a process that is run over and over with the same question, the pc answering the question and the auditor acknowledging (and handling origins with TR-4 as needed), until that question is flat. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Repetitive Question:}{\f0  training drill }{\f0\ul Training 1,}{\f0  also called Duplicative Question. }{\f0\ul See}{\f0  HCOB 11 June 57, TRAINING AND CCH PROCESSES, in the appendix of this volume for full data on this drill. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 repetitive rudiments:}{\f0 
 a procedure of running rudiments developed in 1962, where the auditor at first does not consult the meter, but asks the rudiments question of the pc until the pc says there is no further answer. At this point the auditor says, \ldblquote 
I will check that on the meter.\rdblquote  And asks the question again. If it reads, the auditor
 uses the meter to steer the pc to the answer, and when the pc finds the answer, the auditor again lays the meter aside and asks the question of the pc as above until the pc has no answer. The auditor again says, \ldblquote I will check that on the meter
\rdblquote  and does so. The cycle is repeated over and over until the meter is clean of any instant read. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul rudiments}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 repetitive process }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{
\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Repetitive Straightwire: }{\f0 attention called to an incident over and over amongst othe
r incidents until it is desensitized (made less sensitive; made less affected or likely to be affected by a specified stimulus). Used on conclusions or incidents which do not easily surrender.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Straightwire}{\f0 
 in this glossary.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Repetitive Straightwire:}{\f0  Straightwire to one incident done over and over until the incident is desensitized. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Straightwire }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 replica:}{\f0  a close or exact copy or reproduction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 replica:}{\f0  a reproduction or copy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 report station:}{\f0  a place where a being \ldblquote reports in\rdblquote  for a between-lives implant. }{\f0\ul See }{
\b\f0\ul implant station}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 repository:}{\f0  a place where things are stored. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 reprehensible:}{\f0  deserving of blame. \'d1}{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 reprehensibly:}{\f0  in a manner deserving of blame. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul reprehensibly:}{\f0  in a manner deserving of blame. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 repress:}{\f0  hold back; restrain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 repress:}{\f0  hold back; restrain. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 repress: }{\f0 keep under control, check or suppress (desires, feelings, actions, tears, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 repressed:}{\f0  prevented from acting; checked. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 repressed:}{\f0  prevented from acting; checked. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 repressions:}{\f0  commands that the organism must not do something. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reproached:}{\f0  accused of and blamed for a fault so as to make feel ashamed. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 reproving:}{\f0  expressing disapproval of (something done or said). \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 republic:}{\f0  a state in which the supreme power rests in the body of citizens entitled to vote and is exercised by representatives chosen directly or indirectly by them. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 republic:}{\f0  a state in which the supreme power rests in the body of citizens entitled to vote and is exercised by representatives chosen directly or indirectly by them. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Republic:}{\f0  a written work authored by Plato in which the ingredients of an ideal state are discussed from both a political and spiritual point of view. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul Republic:}{\f0  a written work authored by Plato in which the ingredients of an ideal state are discussed from both a political and spiritual point of view. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republic:}{\f0  the Weimar Republic, the existing government of Germany prior to Hitler's rise to power in the early 30s. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0  a member of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. }
{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Democrat }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0  a member of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. }
{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Democrat }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0  a member of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US; organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. }
{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Democrat }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0  a member of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0  a member of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0  a member of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0 
 having to do with the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0  having to do with the Republican Party, one
 of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0 
 having to do with the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV
}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0  in a manner supporting the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US; originated 1854 - 56. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Republican:}{\f0 *** the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 republicanism:}{\f0  republican principles or adherence to them. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul republicans }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 republicanism:}{\f0  the form of government of a republic, a state in which the supreme power rests in the body of citizens entitled to vote and is exercised by representatives chosen directly or indirectly by them. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 republicanism:}{\f0  the form of government of a republic, a state in which the supreme power rests in the body of citizens entitled to vote and is exercised by representatives chosen directly or indirectly by them. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Republicanitis:}{\f0  a humorously coined word from }{\f0\ul Republican:}{\f0  having to do with the }{\f0\ul Republican Party:}{\f0 
 one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government, and }{\f0\ul -itis: }{\f0 
a suffix denoting abnormal states or conditions, excesses, tendencies, obsessions, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republican Party:}{\f0  one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\ul Republican Party:}{\f0  one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republicans:}{\f0  members of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US; originated 1854 - 56. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republicans:}{\f0  members of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Republicans:}{\f0  members of the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854, originally as a political party against slavery and later as favoring an extension of the powers of the national government.  
\emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 republicans:}{\f0  persons who favor a republican form of government, where the supreme power rests in the body of citizens entitled to vote and is exercised by representatives chosen directly or indirectly by them. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Republicans:}{\f0  the Republican Party, one of the two major political parties in the US, organized in 1854. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 repugnance:}{\f0 *** extreme dislike or distaste. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 requisite:}{\f0  something required; a necessary quality, thing, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{
\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 requisitioned:}{\f0  demanded or taken by authority, as for military use. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary}{
\f0  (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 reservation:}{\f0  a limiting qualification, condition or exception.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 reserves: }{\f0 the part of a country's fighting force not in active service. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 reserves officer: }{\f0 a noncareer commissioned officer in a military reserve unit who has served on active duty and who may be recalled to active service during an emergency. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)

\par }{\b\f0 residual:}{\f0  remaining; left over. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 residual:***}{\f0  remaining; still left.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 resilience: }{\f0 ability to recover readily from illness, depression, adversity or the like. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 resilient:}{\f0  able to return to its original form or position after being bent, compressed or stretched. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 resilient:}{\f0  recovering readily from illness, depression, adversity or the like; buoyant.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 resistance:}{\f0  the property of a conductor that opposes the passage of an electric current and changes electric energy into heat. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Resistive V:}{\f0  severely occluded case. A person who is so far gone he can't even see pictures anymore, he only sees blackness in front of him. This is a \ldblquote Step V\rdblquote  in SOP 8. }{\f0\ul See also SOP 8 in the Appendix, page ___.}
{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor }{\f0 from }{\f0\ul Technical Dictionary, COHA }{\f0 and }{\f0\ul Ability Major 4, 5th ACC Glossary Part 1 (Final approval 2.12.89) }{\f0 also }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Resistive XIX:}{\f0  a coined name for an extremely bad off case, after the example of Resistive V. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Resistive V}{\f0  in this glossary\emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor}{\f0 .

\par }{\b\f0 resistor:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (electricity) }{\f0 a device, as a coil or length of wire, used in a circuit primarily to provide resistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 resistors:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (electricity) }{\f0 devices, as coils or lengths of wire, used in a circuit primarily to provide resistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 resolve:}{\f0  1) break up into separate, constituent elements or parts; analyze. 2) determine or decide upon (a course of action, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 resonant:}{\f0  producing resonance (reinforcement and prolongation of a sound or musical tone by reflection or by sympathetic vibration of other bodies). \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 respo:}{\f0  a contraction of the word }{\f0\ul respond.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 respo:}{\f0  a contraction of the word }{\f0\ul respond.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Responsibility:}{\f0  a Scientology process which, when run after overts and withholds have been gotten off, has the command: \ldblquote What responsibility have you taken for ________?\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process; overts }{
\f0 and }{\b\f0 withholds}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 responsibility:}{\f0 
 the concept of being able to care for, to reach or to be; the ability and willingness to be cause. ((Glossary only; not in footnote)) To accept responsibility for something is to accept that one operated as cause in the matter. It should be clearly disti
nguished from such lower-level considerations as blame or praise, which include the further evaluation o
f the goodness or badness of the thing caused. To accept responsibility for something is to accept that one operated as cause in the matter. Responsibility refers solely to cause and not to other considerations such as goodness or badness of the thing cau
sed. It should be clearly distinguished from such lower-level considerations as blame, praise, etc., which include further evaluation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Responsibility Process:}{\f0  a Scientology process with the goal of rehabilitating a preclear's willingness to do and his ability to withhold on his own determinism. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Responsibility Process:}{\f0  a Scientology process with the goal of rehabilitating a preclear's willingness to do and his ability to withhold on his own determinism. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 restim:}{\f0  short for }{\b\f0\ul restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restim:}{\f0  short for }{\b\f0\ul restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restim:}{\f0  short for }{\b\f0\ul restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restim: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restim: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul restimulation. See }{\b\f0\ul restimulation}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulate:}{\f0  cause }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  the reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulate:}{\f0  cause }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  the reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 restimulate:}{\f0  cause }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  the reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulate:}{\f0 *** cause }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  the reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul E-Meter Reads Film Glossary (EM-9)}{\f0 
 Approved 25-11-90
\par }{\b\f0 restimulated:}{\f0  caused }{\f0\ul restimulation}{\f0  of. See also }{\b\f0 restimulation}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulated:}{\f0  having a past memory reactivated due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul restimulated:}{\f0  in a state or condition of }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  a reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulated:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 put into a state or condition of }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  a reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul restimulated:}{\f0  put into a state or condition of }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  a reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul restimulated:}{\f0  put into a state or condition of }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  a reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulated:}{\f0  reactivated (by reason of similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past). \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul restimulated:}{\f0  reactivated (by reason of similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 restimulated:}{\f0  reactivated (by reason of similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past). \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 restimulated:}{\f0  reactivated (by reason of similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 restimulated:}{\f0 
*** reactivated (by reason of similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 restimulated:}{\f0  subjected to }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0 
 the reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 restimulates:}{\f0  experiences }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)

\par }{\b\f0 restimulates:}{\f0  experiences }{\f0\ul restimulation,}{\f0  the reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \'d1}{\f0\ul Scn 0-8 glossary}{\f0 
 (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul restimulation:}{\f0  a reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. For example, if a person had a memory, or mental image picture, of a drug \ldblquote trip\rdblquote 
 which included a hallucination of swirling colors, the entirety of that mental image picture could be reactivated and brought into play by the person seeing
 something in present time which approximated the swirling colors in his memory. With this mental image picture in restimulation, the person could experience the same sensations as he did when he originally took the drug. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
mental image pictures}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul mental image picture}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:***}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation:}{\f0  reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulation locks:}{\f0 
 locks in which the chief noticeable factor is the approximation of engram perceptics in present time, rather than any particular break of ARC. These require a low level of analytical alertness, as in fatigue, to take place. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulative:}{\f0  tending to cause }{\f0\ul restimulation: }{\f0 reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulative:}{\f0  tending to cause }{\f0\ul restimulation: }{\f0 reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulative:}{\f0  tending to cause restimulation (reactivation of a past memory due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past.) \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91

\par }{\b\f0 restimulative:}{\f0  tending to cause restimulation. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  restimulation}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 restimulative:}{\f0  tending to cause restimulation. }{\f0\ul See}{\b\f0\ul  restimulation}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 restimulative:}{\f0  tending to reactivate past memories due to similar circumstances in the present approximating circumstances of the past. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulator:}{\f0  something in the individual's surroundings which is sufficiently similar to something in his reactive mind that it causes part of his reactive mind to become restimulated (stirred up). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 restimulators:}{\f0  approximations of the reactive mind's content or some part thereof continually perceived in the environment of the organism. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 restimulators:}{\f0  things in the individual's surroundings which are sufficiently similar to something in his reactive mind that they cause part of his reactive mind to become restimulated (stirred up). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 restoration:}{\f0  a bringing back to a former condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 restoration:***}{\f0  a bringing back to a former condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 restraint of princes:}{\f0  an embargo, such as the restraint placed by a sovereign upon his own subjects by prohibiting them or their vessels from leaving the realm. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 resurgence:}{\f0  a rising again. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Dynamics Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 14/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 resurgences:}{\f0  instances of rising again (in this sense, referring to original abilities and understanding). \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 resurrection:}{\f0  arising again from death to life.  Comes from Latin, meaning \ldblquote rising again.\rdblquote  \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Review Chief:}{\f0  the head of the department in the Qualifications Division at the time of the lecture which did repair and correction of auditing and training difficulties. This is now called the Department of Correction. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Revolutionary War:}{\f0  the American Revolution, a war between Great Britain and its American colonies, 1775 - 1783, in which the colonies won their independence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 r\'e9sum\'e9:}{\f0  a summing up; summary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 r\'e9sum\'e9:}{\f0  a summing up; summary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 r\'e9sum\'e9:}{\f0  a summing up; summary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rockers, off of (one's):}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 into a state of insanity or confusion. A variation of }{\f0\ul off (one's) rocker. \emdash Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }{\b\f0\ul RET - ROH
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 R2-46:}{\f0  a Scientology process, called \ldblquote Other People,\rdblquote  which is run in a heavily populated area where people are on the street, walking about, sitting down or
 otherwise directly visible to the preclear. It has been known to get rid of heavy chronic somatics in a few minutes. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 R2-47:}{\f0  reference to }{\f0\ul R2-48,}{\f0  a Scientology process best run by having the preclear out in an open place inhabited by a great many people. The name of the process is \ldblquote Separateness.\rdblquote 
 In this process, the auditor has the preclear find things from which he is separate. For more information, see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 process}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 retard:}{\f0  make slow; delay the development or progress of (an action, process, etc.); hinder or impede. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 retard:}{\f0  slow the progress of; impede or delay. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 retention:}{\f0  the act or power of remembering things; memory. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reticent:}{\f0  habitually silent or uncommunicative; reserved. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 retire:}{\f0  (1) take (money) out of circulation. (2) take up or pay off (stocks, bonds, etc.). \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 retire:}{\f0  return; come back. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 retractable: }{\f0 able to be pulled back or in. \'d1}{\f0\ul Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 retractor}{\f0  }{\b\f0 wave:}{\f0  a wave which pulls back instead of pushes out. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 tractor beams}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 retread:}{\f0  locate an auditor's weak areas and handle these through the use of word clearing and restudying the materials of those areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 retreat: }{\f0 a safe, quiet or secluded place. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Film Glossary}{\f0  (Approved)
\par }{\b\f0 retribution:}{\f0  punishment one deserves for a wrong that he has done. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 return:}{\f0  cause a preclear to go into a past period. A person can \ldblquote send\rdblquote 
 a portion of his mind to a past period on either a mental or combined mental and physical basis and can reexperience incidents which have taken place in his past in the same fashion and with the same sensations as before. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 return: }{\f0 go into a past period. A person can \ldblquote send\rdblquote  a portion of his mind to a past period on either a mental or combined mental and physical basis and can reexperience incidents which have taken place in his pas
t in the same fashion and with the same sensations as before.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 return:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul income tax return, }{\f0 a form on which taxable income is reported and tax computed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 returned: }{\f0 the person has \ldblquote sent\rdblquote 
 a portion of his mind to a past period on either a mental or combined mental and physical basis and can reexperience incidents which have taken place in his past in the same fashion and with the same sensations as before. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 returning: }{\f0 \ldblquote sending\rdblquote 
 a portion of one's mind to a past period on either a mental or combined mental and physical basis and reexperiencing incidents which have taken place in one's past in the same fashion and with the same sensations as before. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 returning:}{\f0  (verb) causing (the preclear) to go into a past period. A person can \ldblquote send\rdblquote  a portion of his mind to a past period on either a mental or combined mental and physical ba
sis and can reexperience incidents which have taken place in his past in the same fashion and with the same sensations as before. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 returns:}{\f0  instances of returning to past periods. A person can \ldblquote send\rdblquote 
 a portion of his mind to a past period on either a mental or combined mental and physical basis and can reexperience incidents which have taken place in his past in the same fashion and with the same sensations as before. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 revelation:}{\f0  act of revealing, especially the disclosure of something not previously known or realized. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 revelation:}{\f0  an act of revealing, especially a dramatic disclosure of something not previously known or realized. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 revelation:}{\f0  the act of revealing or making known. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 revelations:}{\f0  things revealed or made known, especially things which are surprising. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reveled:}{\f0  took great pleasure }{\f0\ul (in).}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 revenue:}{\f0  the income of a government from taxes, licenses, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 reverable:}{\f0  worthy of being regarded as sacred or exalted; held in deep and usually affectionate or religious respect. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 revered:}{\f0  regarded with awe, great respect or devotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reverence:}{\f0  a feeling or attitude of deep respect tinged with awe. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Revere, Paul:}{\f0 
 (1735 - 1818) American silversmith and patriot; rode from Boston to Lexington, Massachusetts on April 18, 1775 to warn colonists that British troops were coming. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 reverie:}{\f0  a light state of \ldblquote concentration\rdblquote 
 not to be confused with hypnosis; in reverie the person is fully aware of what is taking place. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul reverie:}{\f0  a light state of \ldblquote concentration\rdblquote  not to be confused with hypnosis; in reverie the person is fully aware of what is taking place. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 reverie:}{\f0  a light state of \ldblquote concentration\rdblquote  which the preclear is placed in, not to be confused with hypnosis; in reverie the person is fully aware of what is taking place.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 
(app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reverie:}{\f0  a name introduced as a label to make a person feel that his state has altered and that he has gone i
nto a state where his memory is very good or where he can do something he couldn't ordinarily do before. The actuality is that he is able to do it all the time anyway. It is not a strange state. The person is wide awake, but merely by asking him to close 
his eyes he is technically in reverie.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 reverie:}{\f0  the state of reverie is actually just a name. It is a label introduced to make the patient feel that his state has altered and that he h
as gone into a state where his memory is very good or where he can do something he couldn't ordinarily do before. The actuality is that he is able to do it all the time anyway. It is not a strange state. The person is wide awake, but merely by asking him 
to close his eyes he is technically in reverie. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reverses:}{\f0  changes from good fortune to bad; defeats. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Review:}{\f0  a department of the Qualifications Division, at the time of thi
s lecture, with the purpose of helping Ron correct any nonoptimum result of the organization and also advising ways and means, based on actual experience in the department, to safeguard against any continued poor result from any technical personnel or the
 function of the organization. It is now called the Department of Correction.}{\f0\ul  \emdash Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Review: }{\f0 a department of the Qualifications Division, at the time of this lecture, with the purpose of helping Ron correct any nonoptimum res
ult of the organization and also advising ways and means, based on actual experience in the department, to safeguard against any continued poor result from any technical personnel or the function of the organization. It is now called the Department of Cor
rection. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Review:}{\f0  a section of a Scientology organization where a person may receive special assistance, such as for study difficulties. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Review:}{\f0  a section of the organization where a person may receive special assistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Review:}{\f0  a section of the organization where a person may receive special assistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Review:}{\f0  a section of the organization where a person may receive special assistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Review:}{\f0  a section of the organization where a person may receive special assistance, such as assists for study or auditing difficulties. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Review:}{\f0  a section of the organization where a person may receive special assistance, such as assists for study or auditing difficulties. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Review:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul Department of Review. See }{\b\f0\ul Department of Review }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Review:}{\f0  the department in the Qualifications Division at the time of the lecture which did repair and correction of auditing and training difficulties. This is now called the Department of Correction. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Review:}{\f0  the department in the Qualifications Division at the time of the lecture which did repair and correction of auditing and training difficulties. This is now called the Department of Correction. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}
{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Review Chief:}{\f0  the head of the department in the Qualifications Division at the time of the lecture which did repair and correction of auditing and training difficulties. This is now called the Department of Correction. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 reviled:}{\f0  assailed with contemptuous language or language meant to disgrace; addressed or spoken of abusively. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 reviled:}{\f0  criticized angrily in abusive language. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reviled:}{\f0  spoken abusively. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reviling:}{\f0  using abusive or contemptuous language in speaking to or about; call bad names.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 reviv:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul revivification,}{\f0  the reliving of an incident or some portion of it as if it were happening now. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 revivification:}{\f0  the reliving of an incident or some portion of it as if it were happening now. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 revivifies:}{\f0  brings back to life an engram in which he is stuck. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 revivify:}{\f0  relive an incident or some portion of it as if it were happening now. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 revolted:}{\f0  turned away in mental rebellion, utter disgust or extreme aversion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 revolute:}{\f0  engage in revolution. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 revolutionary:}{\f0  bringing about or constituting a great or radical change. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Revolutionary War:}{\f0  the American Revolution, a war between Great Britain and its American colonies, 1775 - 1783, by which the colonies won their independence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Revolutionary War:}{\f0 *** the American Revolution, a war between Great Britain and its American colonies, 1775 - 1783, by which the colonies won their independence. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 revulse:}{\f0  pull or tear back or away. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 revving:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 increasing the revolutions per minute of (an engine, motor, etc.) usually done while idling to produce a quick start. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rewound:}{\f0  of an electric motor, to have wire newly wound around its armature (the revolving part of an electric motor). A properly wound armature is needed to make a motor run correctly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RF:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 adio }{\f0\ul f}{\f0 requency: the frequency (the number of times a signal vibrates each second) used in radio and television transmission. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R-factor:}{\f0  reality factor. It is the action of the auditor telling the pc what the auditor is going to do at each new step. This gives the pc more reality on what is occurring in the auditing session. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.
}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 R-factor:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul reality factor.}{\f0  It is the action of the auditor telling the pc what the auditor is going to do at each new step. This gives the pc more reality on what is occurring in the auditing session. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 R-factor:}{\f0 *** short for reality factor. It is the action of the auditor telling the pc what the auditor is going to do at each new step. This gives the pc more reality on what is occurring in the auditing session. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 (r four h) R4H:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 4H:}{\f0  a process used to relieve ARC breaks. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul ARC break }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 (r four n) R4N:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 outine }{\f0\ul 4N}{\f0 . }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul R3N}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r four sc) R4SC:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 4 Service Facsimile:}{\f0  a process used to locate and run out service facsimiles. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul service fac }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0 
 Approved 6.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rheostat:}{\f0 
 a device for varying the resistance of an electric current without interrupting the circuit used, as for regulating the brightness of lights. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rheostat:}{\f0  an electrical instrument used to control current by varying resistance. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{
\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rhetoric:}{\f0  talk or writing that sounds grand or important but has little meaning. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 rheumatic fever:}{\f0  a disease more common among children than adults, characterized by fever, pains in the joints and often damage to the heart. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rheumatism:}{\f0  a popular term for any of the various painful conditions of the joints and muscles, characterized by inflammation, stiffness, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 rheumatism:}{\f0  a popular term for any of the various painful conditions of the joints and muscles, characterized by inflammation, stiffness, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rheumatism:}{\f0 *** a popular term for any of the various painful conditions of the joints and muscles, characterized by inflammation, stiffness, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rheumatoid arthritis: }{\f0 a chronic disease whose cause is unknown, characterized by inflammation, pain and swelling of the joints and accompanied by spasms in adjacent muscles and often leading to deformity of the joints. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Rhine:}{\f0  Joseph Banks Rhine (1895 - 1980), American psychologist. As head of the laboratory of parapsychology at Duke University, North Carolina, he investigated extra-sensory perception and tried to find scientific explanations for 
\ldblquote supernatural\rdblquote  occurrences, e.g., telepathy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rhine:}{\f0  Joseph Banks Rhine (1895 - 1980), American psychologist. As head of the laboratory of parapsychology at Duke University, in Durham, North Carolina, he investigated extrasensory perception and tried to find scientific explanations for 
\ldblquote supernatural\rdblquote  occurrences, e.g., telepathy, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodes, Cecil:}{\f0  (1853 - 1902) British administrator and financier in South Africa. Established a scholarship to train potential leaders from the youth of the British Empire, US and Germany. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 
Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodesia:}{\f0  the former name of a region in southern Africa, now called Zimbabwe. Rhodesia was named for Cecil Rhodes (1853 - 1902), the English industrialist 
whose British South Africa Company colonized the region at the end of the nineteenth century. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodesia:}{\f0 
 the former name of a region in southern Africa, now called Zimbabwe. Rhodesia was named after Cecil Rhodes (1853 - 1902), the English industrialist whose British South Africa Company colonized the region at the end of the nineteenth century. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodesia:}{\f0  the former name of a region in southern Africa, now called Zimbabwe. Rhodesia was name
d after Cecil Rhodes (1853 - 1902), the English industrialist whose British South Africa Company colonized the region at the end of the nineteenth century. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodesian Front committee: }{\f0 the name of a white supremacist organization led by Ian Smith at the time of this lecture.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Smith }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Rhodesia }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodesians:}{\f0  inhabitants of Rhodesia, a former region in south Africa including Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia) and Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe). \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodesians:}{\f0  inhabitants of Rhodesia, a former region in south Africa including Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia) and Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe). \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodes scholar:}{\f0  a holder of a }{\f0\ul Rhodes scholarship:}{\f0 
 a scholarship for study at Oxford University in Oxford, England. Cecil Rhodes (1853 - 1902), an English financier, established these grants to train potential leaders. They are designed for students from Germany, f
rom nations formerly part of the British Empire and the United States. Rhodes scholars are chosen for ability, moral character and success in sports. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rhodes scholar:}{\f0  a holder of a }{\f0\ul Rhodes scholarship:}{\f0 
 a scholarship for study at Oxford University in Oxford, England. Cecil Rhodes (1853 - 1902), an English financier, established these grants to train potential leaders. They are designed for students from Germany, from nations formerly part of the British
 Empire and the United States. Rhodes scholars are chosen for ability, moral character and success in sports. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rhodies:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul rhododendron, }{\f0 any of a group of trees and shrubs, mainly evergreen, with showy flowers of pink, white or purple. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rhomboid tetrascrewdron:}{\f0  a made-up name for a geometrical figure. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rhombolis:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rhombosis:}{\f0  a made-up word for a disease. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rhythm and blues:}{\f0 *** a folk-based but urbanized form of Negro popular music characterized by strong, repetitious rhythms and simple melodies. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 RI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 eliable }{\f0\ul i}{\f0 
tem: in GPM auditing procedures, a rock-slamming item obtained from a list, which could then be used to obtain further items. A reliable item is a black mass with a significance in it which is dominated by a goal and which is part of a GPM. Called a 
\ldblquote }{\f0\ul reliable}{\f0  item\rdblquote  because it has been proven out as an actual GPM item. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul GPM}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 RI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 eliable }{\f0\ul i}{\f0 
tem. In GPM auditing procedures, a reliable item is a black mass with a significance in it which is dominated by a goal and which is part of a GPM. It can be used to obtain further items. Called a \ldblquote }{\f0\ul reliable}{\f0  item\rdblquote 
 because it has been proven out as an actual GPM item. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul GPM }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 eliable }{\f0\ul i}{\f0 tem. In GPM auditing procedures, a reliabl
e item is a black mass with a significance in it which is dominated by a goal and which is part of a GPM. It can be used to obtain further items. Called a \ldblquote }{\f0\ul reliable}{\f0  item\rdblquote 
 because it has been proven out as an actual GPM item. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul GPM }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 goal }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul reliable item,}{\f0  in GPM auditing procedures, a rock-slamming item obtained from a list, which could then be used to obtain further items. A reliable item is a black mass with a significance in it which is 
dominated by a goal and which is part of a GPM. Called a \ldblquote }{\f0\ul reliable}{\f0  item\rdblquote  because it has been proven out as an actual GPM item.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 RI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 eliable }{\f0\ul i}{\f0 
tem, in GPM auditing procedures, a rock-slamming item obtained from a list, which could then be used to obtain further items. A reliable item is a black mass with a significance in it which is dominated by a goal and which is part of a GPM. Called a 
\ldblquote }{\f0\ul reliable}{\f0  item\rdblquote  because it has been proven out as an actual GPM item. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ribbon, cut to:}{\f0  insulted or disparaged thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ribbon, cut to:}{\f0  insulted or disparaged thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, chop (one) to:}{\f0  insult or disparage (one) thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, chop (someone) to:}{\f0  insult or disparage (someone) thoroughly. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, chop to:}{\f0  insult or disparage thoroughly.  \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, cut (everything) to:}{\f0  destroy or defeat (everything) completely. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul cut to pieces.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, cut (someone or something) to: }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul cut (someone or something) to pieces.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul pieces, cuts (something) to}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, cut (someone) to:}{\f0  destroy or defeat (someone) completely. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul cut (someone) to pieces.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, cut them to:}{\f0  examine (someone or something) very closely and criticize severely. A variation of }{\f0\ul tear to pieces.}{\f0 \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, cutting to: }{\f0 destroying or defeating completely. A variation of }{\f0\ul cutting to pieces.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, cut to:}{\f0  (1) destroyed or defeated completely. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul cut to pieces}{\f0 . (2) examined (someone or something) very closely and criticized severely. A variation of }{\f0\ul tear to pieces. \emdash 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, cut to:}{\f0  destroyed or defeated completely. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul cut to pieces.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ribbons, cut to:}{\f0  destroyed or defeated completely. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul cut to pieces.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rib, giving the:}{\f0  teasing (a person); making fun of or ridiculing. \'d1compiled from }{\f0\ul 
Dictionary of American Slang}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Rice Institute:}{\f0  a coeducational, privately controll
ed university occupying 300 acres in Houston, Texas that was founded in 1891. The divisions of the institute include sciences, science-engineering and architecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rich:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  very amusing. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Richard:}{\f0  a student on the London Doctorate Course at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Richard:}{\f0  the name of an auditor at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Richard the Lionhearted:}{\f0  Richard I (1157 - 1199), king of England from 1189 to 1199. Shortly after he became king he left to fight in the Crusades. He earned his nickname for his bravery and was generous and chivalrous. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rickety:}{\f0  weak in the joints; tottering. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 rickety-rackety:}{\f0  unsteady, shaky. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul rickle-rackle:}{\f0  a coined term from }{\f0\ul rickle, }{\f0 a heap or pile, especially one loosely built up; a collection of odds and ends heaped up together; and }{\f0\ul rackle, }{\f0 meaning rattle, clatter, clank. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rickracked:}{\f0  afflicted with torture, pain or anguish. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul rico:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Spanish) }{\f0 rich, wealthy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul rico:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Spanish) }{\f0 rich, wealthy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul rico: (Spanish) }{\f0 the rich, the wealthy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridden roughshod into:}{\f0  treated harshly or domineeringly; overridden or crushed. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 riddled: }{\f0 affected in every part; having (something) spread throughout. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 riddle-raddle:}{\f0  a coined expression meaning a puzzle in the form of a question or statement with a tricky meaning or answer that is hard to guess. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ride:}{\f0 *** continue undisturbed, with no action taken. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 ride:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  continue without interruption or interference. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ride:}{\f0  to continue undisturbed, with no action taken. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 ride, let (something):}{\f0  leave (something) undisturbed or inactive. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ride out:}{\f0 *** withstand or endure successfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a long, narrow upper section or crest. Used figuratively in the lecture.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a long, narrow upper section or crest. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0 *** a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0 
 a solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0 
 (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ridge:}{\f0  solid accumulation of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. It is generated by opposing ener
gy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridges:}{\f0  \ldblquote solid\rdblquote  accumulations of energy which are suspended in space and time. Ridges can be handled variously. They can also explode. \emdash }{\f0\ul LRH, 8-8008 - Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 ridges:}{\f0  solid accumulations of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ridges:}{\f0  solid accumulations of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 ridges:}{\f0  solid accumulations of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. A ridge is generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another, and continues to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ridges: }{\f0 solid accumulations of old, inactive energy suspended in space and time. They are generated by opposing energy flows which hit one another and continue to exist long after the energy flows have ceased. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Ridgway, Derricke:}{\f0  a squirrel in Great Britain in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Ridgway, Derricke:}{\f0  a squirrel in Great Britain in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Ridgway, Derricke:}{\f0  publisher of }{\f0\ul Self Analysis in Dianetics}{\f0  in London, England at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ridgway, Derricke:}{\f0  publisher of }{\f0\ul Self Analysis in Dianetics}{\f0  in London, England at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 riding: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  continuing without interruption or interference. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 riding habits:}{\f0  dresses or suits worn by horseback riders. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 riding high:}{\f0  enjoying success; doing very well. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rife:}{\f0  abundant, plentiful or numerous. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rife:}{\f0  of common or frequent occurrence; prevalent; in widespread existence, activity or use. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 riffraff:}{\f0  regarded as worthless, low, coarse, etc.}{\f0\ul    \emdash Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rift:}{\f0  an open break in a previously friendly relationship. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 rifts:}{\f0  open breaks in a previously friendly relationship. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 rig:}{\f0  adjust or fix; set in proper order for working. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rig:}{\f0  a fraudulent scheme; swindle. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rig:}{\f0  an apparatus designed for some purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 rig:}{\f0 *** the arrangement of sails, masts, etc., on a vessel. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rigged:}{\f0  arranged in a dishonest way for selfish advantage; manipulated in a deceitful manner; fixed. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 rigged:}{\f0  put in proper order for working or use. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rigged:}{\f0 *** put in proper order for working or use. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rigged:}{\f0  put in proper order for working or use. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 rigged up:}{\f0  equipped or set up for use. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 rigged up:}{\f0  equipped or set up for use. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rigged up:}{\f0  put together, prepared for use or arranged, especially in a makeshift or hurried fashion. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rigged up:}{\f0  put together, prepared for use or arranged, especially in a makeshift or hurried fashion. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rigging:}{\f0 *** having to do with the chains, ropes, etc., used for supporting and working the rig. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul rig}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Right:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (politics)}{\f0  a descriptive term for conservative or reactionary (extremely conservative; not only resisting change but seeking to return to the \ldblquote good old days\rdblquote 
 of an earlier social order) political views. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 right and left:}{\f0  in or from every direction; all around; on all sides. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 right angle:}{\f0  an angle of 90 degrees; angle made by the meeting of two straight lines perpendicular to each other. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 right-arm rate:}{\f0  an 
earned rating which indicates that the person is qualified to command a ship at sea. Insignia indicating this was originally worn on the right shoulder. Currently a right-arm rating is indicated by a star with the rank insignia (strips or chevrons). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 right as}{\f0  }{\b\f0 rain:}{\f0  one of various colloquial phrases that start with \ldblquote right as\rdblquote  and denote that one is quite well, comfortable or secure, or that a thing, job, prospect, etc., is dependable or quite safe. }{
\f0\ul Right as anything}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul right as a fiddle}{\f0  are other examples of these phrases which all have the same meaning. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 right as rain:}{\f0  quite all right, especially when compared with what might be expected or an earlier condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 right bower of the vortical curve put on by God:}{\f0  a humorous and significant-sounding made-up phrase. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 right field: }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 a remote location. The term comes from the sport of baseball, where right field is the right-hand part of the playing field most distant from home base. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  home base}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 right field: }{\f0\ul (figurative) }{\f0 a remote location. The term comes from the sport of baseball, where right field is the right-hand part of the playing field most distant from home base. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  home base}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #8, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 right field:}{\f0  used humorously in this lecture as an exaggeration of left field, meaning completely mistaken; wrong. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul left field}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 right field:}{\f0  used humorously in this lecture as an exaggeration of left field, meaning completely mistaken; wrong. }{
\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul left field}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 right-hand drive:}{\f0 
 a steering system in a motor vehicle in which the steering wheel and other controls are fitted on the right side instead of on the left. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 right, in the:}{\f0  on the side supported by truth, justice, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rightist:}{\f0  of the Right. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Right }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 righto:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  all right; okay. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 righto: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  all right; okay. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 right off your bat: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul right off the bat,}{\f0  immediately; as the next thing in order; without delay. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 right of way:}{\f0  a strip of land on which a public highway, railroad, etc., is built. In this lecture it is used figuratively to mean the route or \ldblquote the way\rdblquote 
 itself, as though it were a highway with advertising signs on the sides of the road to catch the attention of the travelers. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 right on the bat: }{\b\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul right on the money:}{\f0  absolutely perfect; precisely as desired; done with great accuracy or expertise. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 right shoulder arms:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military) }{\f0 the command to assume a position of resting a rifle against the right shoulder and supporting the butt with the hand on the same side. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 rights, put (it) to:}{\f0  place (it) in or into good or proper condition or order. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rights, put (it) to:}{\f0  place (it) in or into good or proper condition or order. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rights, put to: }{\f0 put into good or proper condition or order. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 rights, to:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 in or into good or proper condition or order. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 right-wrong:}{\f0  a process developed by L. Ron Hubbard in 1963 used in the handling of service facsimiles and addressing how a service facsimile would (1) make one right and (2) make others wrong. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  service facsimile}{
\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rig (it) out:}{\f0  adjust or fix (it); set (it) in proper order for working. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rigorous:}{\f0  rigidly precise; thoroughly accurate or exact. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rigors:}{\f0  severity of weather or climate or an instance of this. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 rig up:}{\f0  put together, prepare for use or arrange. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Rig-Veda:}{\f0  the oldest and most important of the four Vedas. The Rig-Veda is a collection of about one thousand priestly hymns addressed to the gods during sacrifice. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Veda}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rile:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  annoy; irritate. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ring:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (chemistry)}{\f0  a number of atoms united in such a way that they can be represented as a ring. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ring:}{\f0  reference to the path that an electron travels around the nucleus (the central part) of an atom. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 ring-around-the-rosy:}{\f0  a children's game in which the singing players skip around in a circle and drop to the floor on the song's last line. Also known as \ldblquote Ring-a-Ring o' Roses\rdblquote  from the following rhyme: / \ldblquote 
Ring-a-ring o' roses, / A pocket full of posies, / Ashes! Ashes! / We all fall down.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ring-around-the-rosy:}{\f0  a children's game in which the singing players skip around in a circle and drop to the floor on the song's last line. Also known as \ldblquote Ring-a-Ring o' Roses\rdblquote  from the following rhyme: / \ldblquote 
Ring-a-ring o' roses, / A pocket full of posies, / Ashes! Ashes! / We all fall down.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ring in:}{\f0 *** bring into operation, activity, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 ring in: }{\f0 bring into operation, activity, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 ring, number four: }{\f0\ul (archery) }{\f0 
a reference to a target which consists of concentric rings circling the bull's eye (the center). The fourth ring is the one closest to the center, the first ring being the outermost one. The object is to hit the bull's eye and thereby make the highest p
oints possible. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ring-tailed snorter:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul ring-tailed}{\f0 , having a coiled tail and }{\f0\ul snorter}{\f0 , a pig. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary }{\v\f0 
note: this idiom is used in lecture 5007C22 Running Fomer Lives but this is not the defintion so another needs entered into the glossary, The idion is found in Dictionary of American Slang, by Wentworth/Flexner p.429.}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ring up on the bells:}{\f0  the action of operating a telegraph. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul engine room telegraphs }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Rio:}{\f0  short for Rio de Janeiro, a seaport in southeastern Brazil. In addition to being a major transportation and manufacturing center, it is one of the leading tourist and resort centers of South America. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{
\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Rio:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Rio de Janeiro,}{\f0  a seaport in southeastern Brazil. In addition to being a major transportation and manufacturing center, it is one of the leading tourist and resort centers of South America.\emdash }{\f0\ul 
Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 RI oppose list:}{\f0  in GPM auditing procedures, a list to find the item which opposed a reliable item (RI). Given the reliable item \ldblquote catfish,\rdblquote  the listing question would be \ldblquote Who or what would a catfish oppose?
\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Who or what would oppose catfish?\rdblquote  This list would result in another reliable item. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul RI}{\f0  and}{\b\f0  source list}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 riot gun:}{\f0  a small firearm, especially a shotgun, used to disperse rioters rather than inflict serious injury. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rip:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  rush along. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rip off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 move with speed or violence. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rip off:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 move with speed or violence. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rip up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 move with speed or violence. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rip up:}{\f0  cut or tear apart roughly or vigorously. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rip van Winkle:}{\f0  a character in a tale (181
9) by Washington Irving, American essayist, biographer and historian (1783 - 1859). Rip wanders through the mountains with his dog when he meets some dwarfs and drinks from their keg. He falls asleep and wakes twenty years later, an old man. He returns to
 his town and finds his termagant wife dead, his daughter married, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RIs:}{\f0 *** abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 eliable }{\f0\ul i}{\f0 tems, in GPM auditing procedures, rock-slamming items obtained from a list, which could then be used to obtain further items.
 A reliable item is a black mass with a significance in it which is dominated by a goal and which is part of a GPM. Called a \ldblquote }{\f0\ul reliable}{\f0  item\rdblquote  because it has been proven out as an actual GPM item. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 rise:}{\f0  a move to the left on the E-Meter dial. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rises:}{\f0  moves to the left on the E-Meter dial. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rising needle:}{\f0  a needle phenomeno
n where the needle moves to the auditor's left (auditor facing the meter). It means the preclear has struck an area or something he isn't confronting. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Rising Scale:}{\f0 
 processing in which one takes any point or column of the Chart of Attitudes which the preclear can reach, and asks the preclear then to shift his postulate upwards toward a higher level. It is simply a method of shifting postulates upward toward optimum 
from where the preclear believes he is on the chart. It is essentially a process directed toward increasing belief in self by using all the \ldblquote buttons\rdblquote  (attitudes towards life) on the Chart of Attitudes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Chart of Attitudes}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 rising scale:}{\f0  reference to }{\f0\ul rising needle:}{\f0  a needle phenomenon where the needle moves to the auditor's left (auditor facing the meter). It means the preclear has struck an area or something he isn't confronting. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul auditor}{\f0 , }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 E-Meter }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rising Scale:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Rising Scale Processing,}{\f0  a process in which one takes any point or column of the Chart of Attitudes (the chart which shows the attitudes toward life taken by people, and comes with the book }{\f0\ul 
Handbook for Preclears}{\f0 
) which the preclear can reach, and asks the preclear then to shift his postulate upwards toward a higher level. It is simply a method of shifting postulates upward toward optimum from where the preclear believes he is on the chart. It
 is essentially a process directed toward increasing belief in self by using all the \ldblquote buttons\rdblquote  (attitudes toward life) on the Chart of Attitudes. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul postulate}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rising Scale Process:}{\f0  a process in which one takes any point or column of the Chart of Attitudes (the chart which shows the attitudes toward life taken by people, and comes with the book }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears}{\f0 
) which the preclear can reach, and asks the preclear then to shift hi
s postulate upwards toward a higher level. It is simply a method of shifting postulates upward toward optimum from where the preclear believes he is on the chart. It is essentially a process directed toward increasing belief in self by using all the 
\ldblquote buttons\rdblquote  (attitudes toward life) on the Chart of Attitudes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Rising Scale Processing:}{\f0  processing in which one takes any point or column of the Chart of Attitudes (the chart which shows the attitudes toward life taken by people, and comes with the book }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears}{\f0 
) which the preclear can reach, and asks the preclear then to shift his postulate upwards toward a higher level. It is simply a method of shifting postulates upward toward optimum from where the preclear believes he is on the chart. It is essentially a pr
ocess directed toward increasing belief in self by using all the \ldblquote buttons\rdblquote  (attitudes toward life) on the Chart of Attitudes. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rites:}{\f0  prescribed forms or particular systems of ceremonial procedures, religious or otherwise; rituals. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ritual:}{\f0  of, like or done as a }{\f0\ul rite:}{\f0  a formal act or ceremony carried out according to fixed rules. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Ritz Biltmore:}{\f0  a made-up name for a hotel. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ritz Building:}{\f0  a made-up name for a building. }{\f0\ul Ritz }{\f0 is the name of luxurious, plush hotels in London, Paris and New York founded by C\'e9sar Ritz (1850 - 1918), Swiss hotel owner. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  A
pproved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 River Jordan:}{\f0  a river in northern Israel, flowing south through the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea. It has been the site of much conflict over territorial boundaries and religious beliefs from biblical times to the present. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 river, sell down the:}{\f0  let down; betray. From the early American practice of selling unruly (or otherwise undesirable) slaves at a reduced rate to traders who took them down the Mississippi River to sell as field hands on Delta plantations,
 the work there being hard, the living conditions unhealthy and the hope of escape or betterment reduced to near zero.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #16, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 river, sell down the:}{\f0 
 let down; betray. From the early American practice of selling unruly (or otherwise undesirable) slaves at a reduced rate to traders who took them down the Mississippi River to sell as field hands on Delta plantations, the work there being hard, the livin
g conditions unhealthy and the hope of escape or betterment reduced to near zero.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #16, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Riverside:}{\f0  a city in southwest California, a state in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Riverside:}{\f0  a city in southwest California, a state in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Riverside Drive:}{\f0  a thoroughfare in New York City which runs along the west side of the city next to the Hudson River. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Riverside Drive:}{\f0  a thoroughfare in New York City which runs along the west side of the city next to the Hudson River. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 river, sold down the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US informal)}{\f0 
 handed over to an enemy; abandoned in a cruel manner; betrayed. Formerly, to punish (a slave) by selling him to a plantation owner on the lower Mississippi River where conditions for slaves were severe. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90

\par }{\b\f0 river, sold (one) down the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (US informal)}{\f0  handed (one) over to an enemy; abandoned (one) in a cruel manner; betrayed (one). Formerly, to punish (a slave) by selling him to a plantation owner on 
the lower Mississippi River where conditions for slaves were severe. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 river, up the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul up the creek without a paddle, }{\f0 in serious difficulty; very unfortunate; ruined. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RJ 36:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 36 Your New Year,}{\f0  issued as LRH Executive Directive 347 Int, 31 December 1982. }{\f0\ul 
The specific issues were: HCO PL THE REASON FOR ORGS, HCO PL THE BUSINESS OF ORGS, HCOB OT AND TRAINING, RJ 36 and RJ 37 and these have been remailed out from the majority of orgs and the rest are being 8Ced to finish this remailing. }{\f0    \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 RJ 37:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 37, }{\f0 issued as LRH Executive Directive 348 Int }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 37,}{\f0  13 March 1983. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 38}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 RNA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 ibo}{\f0\ul n}{\f0 ucleic }{\f0\ul a}{\f0 cid; one of the compounds found in all living cells; the substance that carries out DNA's instructions for protein production. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul DNA }
{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 roadbed:}{\f0  the foundation on which a road or railroad is built. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 roadbeds:}{\f0  the foundation and surface of a road or highway. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 roadblock:}{\f0  an action, condition, etc., that obstructs progress toward an objective. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, get in the:}{\f0  get in the way, as an obstruction. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, getting in (one's):}{\f0  blocking the line along which someone wishes to move or see. A variation of }{\f0\ul in (one's) way}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, had the show on the:}{\f0  had (an organization, plan, etc.) in active operation. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, in his:}{\f0  blocking the line along which someone wishes to move or see. A variation of }{\f0\ul in his way.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, in (one's):}{\f0  blocking the line along which someone wishes to move or see. A variation of }{\f0\ul in (one's) way}{\f0 . \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 road, in the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  in the path as a hindrance; placed so as to block the way. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, on the:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul on the rails,}{\f0  in the proper or normal condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, on the: }{\f0 following a course of action that will lead to a changed situation, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, out of the:}{\f0  out of the way.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 road, out of the:}{\f0  out of the way.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul road, out of the:}{\f0  out of the way; in or to a place that does not block someone's path or view. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, out of the:}{\f0  out of the way; in or to a place that does not block someone's path or view. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 road, out of the:}{\f0  out of the way; in or to a place that does not block someone's path or view. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 road, out of the:}{\f0  out of the way; in or to a place that does not block someone's path or view. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 road, out of the:}{\f0  out of the way; in or to a place that does not block someone's path or view. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 roadshow:}{\f0  any traveling exhibit, as one promoting a company's products. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 roar:}{\b\f0\ul  (informal)}{\f0  a laugh; something amusing, improbable or ridiculous; joke. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roaring:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  full of enthusiasm. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roaring:}{\f0  completely; utterly; out-and-out. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roaring:}{\f0  complete; utter; out-and-out. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roaring:}{\f0  complete; utter; out-and-out. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roaring it up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 being very busy, very successful or very brisk. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roaring it up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 being very busy, very successful or very brisk. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roaring it up:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  making it very active or successful. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 roaring to:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  being extremely eager or fully ready to (do something). Variation of }{\f0\ul raring to.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 roast: }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a severe criticism or ridicule. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 roasting:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  criticizing severely or ridiculing without mercy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Robert's Rules of Order:}{\f0  a book written by General Henry Mar
tyn Robert, US Army. It establishes the rules of parliamentary procedure and is the accepted standard manual for such in the United States. These rules allow for the orderly and just procedure at conferences and meetings. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3
}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robeson, Paul:}{\f0  (1898 - 1976) an American actor and bass-baritone singer of the twentieth century. His rich, deep voice was as melodious in speech as in song. He is best known for his roles in the opera }{\f0\ul Porgy and Bess }{\f0 
and the motion picture }{\f0\ul Show Boat.}{\f0  Rob
eson used his talents not only to entertain, but also to promote equality of opportunity for Blacks in the United States. In 1950 he was denied a passport by the US Department of State for refusing to sign an affidavit stating whether he was or ever had b
een a member of the Communist Party. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robespierres:}{\f0  persons similar to Maximilien Robespierre (1758 - 94), one of the leaders of the French Revolution whose name is closely associated with the 2,500 people who were guillotined during the Revolution. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood:}{\f0 
 a legendary English outlaw of the twelfth century, hero of many ballads, who robbed the rich to give to the poor. Robin Hood is a popular model of courage, generosity and justice, as well as of skill in archery. He lived and presided over his band of fol
lowers chiefly in Sherwood Forest (an ancient royal forest in central England). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood's barn, go around:}{\f0  arrive at a conclusion by 
very roundabout methods. From the fact that Robin Hood had no barn, his granary was the cornfields of the neighborhood. To go around his barn was to make a circuitous route around the neighboring fields. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood's barn, go around:}{\f0 
 arrive at the right conclusion by very roundabout methods. From the fact that Robin Hood had no barn, his granary was the cornfields of the neighborhood. To go around his barn was to make a circuitous route around the neighboring fields. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood's barn, go around:}{\f0 
 arrive at the right conclusion by very roundabout methods. From the fact that Robin Hood had no barn, his granary was the cornfields of the neighborhood. To go around his barn was to make a circuitous route around the neighboring fields. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood's barn, go around:}{\f0  arrive at the right conclusion by very roundabout methods. From the fact that Robin Hood had no barn, his granary was the cornfields o
f the neighborhood. To go around his barn was to make a circuitous route around the neighboring fields. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood's barn, go around:}{\f0 
 arrive at the right conclusion by very roundabout methods. From the fact that Robin Hood had no barn, his granary was the cornfields of the neighborhood. To go around his barn was to make a circuitous route around the neighboring fields. \emdash }{
\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood's barn, ride over:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul go around Robin Hood's barn, }{\f0 arrive a
t the right conclusion by very roundabout methods. From the fact that Robin Hood had no barn, his granary was the cornfields of the neighborhood. To go around his barn was to make a circuitous route around the neighboring fields. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood's barn, ride over:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul go around Robin Hood's barn, }{\f0 
arrive at the right conclusion by very roundabout methods. From the fact that Robin Hood had no barn, his granary was the cornfields of the neighborhood. To go around his barn was to make a circuitous route around the neighboring fields. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Robin Hood's left field:}{\f0  a coined phrase from the expression }{\f0\ul go around Robin Hood's barn}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul left field, }{\f0 a position or circumstance that is remote from an ordinary or general trend. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
Robin Hood's barn, go around }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robinson:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 Kenneth Robinson; Minister of Health (head of the government department responsible for the health of
 its citizens) in Great Britain in 1968. Robinson was the ex-vice president of the National Mental Health Association, a private group in the UK specializing in the \ldblquote treatment\rdblquote  of families of aristocrats. There has never been any 
\ldblquote national\rdblquote  aspect to this group. The group obtained very unusual favors by means of their \ldblquote treatment\rdblquote 
 of the families of these aristocrats. He was one of the key figures behind the 1968 British attack on Scientology and was subsequently removed as Minister of Health for this unpopular campaign. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 Robinson:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 
Kenneth Robinson; Minister of Health (head of the government department responsible for the health of its citizens) in Great Britain in 1968. Robinson was the ex-vice president of the National Mental Health Association, a private group in the UK specializ
ing in the \ldblquote treatment\rdblquote  of families of aristocrats. There has never been any \ldblquote national\rdblquote  aspect to this group. The group obtained very unusual favors by means of their \ldblquote treatment\rdblquote  of the families 
of these aristocrats. He was one of the key figures behind the 1968 British attack on Scientology and was subsequently removed as Minister of Health for this unpopular campaign. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Robinson, Ed:}{\f0  Edward G. Robinson (1893 - 1973), American star actor of Rumanian origin. On stage from 1913; later settled in Hollywood. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Robinson, Keith:}{\f0  Right Honorable Kenneth Robinson (1911 -  ), former British parliament member from 1949 - 1970. Robinson h
eld various governmental positions such as Minister of Health, Land, Finance and Housing. He was involved in an attack against Scientology in the UK and banned foreign students from entry into England. He was later dropped from Prime Minister Wilson's cab
inet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 robotically:}{\f0  in the manner of a robot, a person who acts or works mechanically and without original thinking.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 robotically:}{\f0  in the manner of a robot, a person who acts or works mechanically and without original thinking.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 robotness:***}{\f0  state, quality or instance of being a robot, a person who acts or works in an automatic or mechanical way. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Robotypes:}{\f0  an automatic typewriter introduced in 1935 under the brand name }{\f0\ul Robotyper}{\f0  which operated on a system where what was typed would be transferred to a perforated tape. The tape, which could be used many times, wa
s then run back through the machine to reproduce what was typed. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock:}{\f0 
 a reach and withdraw mechanism which a person has used to reach people or things with. The cycle of the Rock is: A person 1) failed to communicate himself; 2) started using something to communicate with; 3) put the last item on automatic and it created f
or him; 4) it failed. It is the first shift of valence, the loss of identity of self and the assumption of identity of something else. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 rock:}{\f0 
*** a reach and withdraw mechanism which a person has used to reach people or things with. The cycle of the rock is: A person 1) failed to communicate himself; 2) started using something to communicate with; 3) put the last item on automatic and it create
d for him; 4) it failed. It is the first shift of valence, the loss of identity of self and the assumption of identity of something else. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul chain}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Rock:}{\f0  a r
each and withdraw mechanism which a person has used to reach people or things with. The cycle of the Rock is: A person 1) failed to communicate himself; 2) started using something to communicate with; 3) put the last item on automatic and it created for h
im; 4) it failed. It is the first shift of valence, the loss of identity of self and the assumption of identity of something else. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Rock:}{\f0  a reach and withdraw mechanism which a person has used to reach people
 or things with. The cycle of the Rock is: A person 1) failed to communicate himself; 2) started using something to communicate with; 3) put the last item on automatic and it created for him; 4) it failed. It is the first shift of valence, the loss of ide
ntity of self and the assumption of identity of something else. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul valence}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rock-bottom:}{\f0 *** of the lowest level or point; very bottom. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rock-bottom:}{\f0  of the lowest level or point; very bottom. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rock bottom:}{\f0  the lowest level or point; very bottom. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rock Creek Park:}{\f0  the largest park in Washington, DC. It runs along Rock Creek and contains natural woodlands. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock-e-feller:}{\f0  a humorous pronunciation of }{\f0\ul Rockefeller, }{\f0 in reference to Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller (1908 - 1979). He was the grandson of John D. Rockefeller (1839 - 1937), American indu
strialist and founder of the Standard Oil Company. As such, Nelson was heir to a fortune of legendary proportions. His activity in New York state politics led to his election as governor in 1958 and to re-election in 1962, 1966 and 1970. He failed, howeve
r, in his attempts to win the Republican Party's presidential nomination in 1960, 1964 and later in 1968. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rockefeller: }{\f0 John Davison Rockefeller (1839 - 1937), American oil magnate; at one time was the world's richest man. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Rockefeller:}{\f0 
 of or having to do with the Rockefeller family or its international financial interests. The Rockefeller conglomerate was originally founded in the oil business by John D. Rockefeller (1839 - 1937), and his heirs have continued to expand its influence in
 many areas internationally. [This defn was modified from the one in this book by Camille 23.8.92 and the ref is in the orig ref files] \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 \ldblquote Rock-e-feller\rdblquote  Center:}{\f0  a humorous pronunciation of }{\f0\ul Rockefeller Center, }{\f0 
a group of fourteen massive buildings on three square city blocks (twelve acres) in the heart of New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock-e-feller Foundation:}{\f0  humorous pronunciation of }{\f0\ul Rockefeller Foundation, }{\f0 
an organization established in 1913 by John D. Rockefeller (1839 - 1937), American oil magnate. The foundation grants funds to universities, research institutes, etc., to use in research in biological and medical scie
nces, social sciences, the humanities and agriculture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock-e-feller Plaza:}{\f0  a humorous pronunciation of }{\f0\ul Rockefeller Plaza:}{\f0  the sunken plaza, used for outdoor dining in summer and ice skating in winter, located in the middle of }{\f0\ul Rockefeller Center, }{\f0 
a group of fourteen massive buildings situated on three square city blocks (twelve acres) in the heart of New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rockefeller Plaza:}{\f0  reference to the sunken plaza, used for outdoor dining in summer and ice skating in winter, located in the middle of }{\f0\ul Rockefeller Center: }{\f0 
a group of fourteen massive buildings situated on three square city blocks (twelve acres) in the heart of New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocker, off of its:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 into a state of insanity or confusion. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rockers:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  a group of teenagers wearing leather jackets and jeans and traveling in gangs on motorcycles. One of two rival factions of teenagers in Britain in the 1960s, the Mods being the other side. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Mods }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocket:}{\f0  a fireworks-type device used at sea mainly as a distress signal, as by a ship which is sinking or in some other trouble. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockey:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  an astronaut. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockeys:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  astronauts. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockeys:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  astronauts. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 rocket jockeys: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  astronauts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocking:}{\f0  shaking or disturbing violently. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocking chair:}{\f0  a chair mounted on rockers or springs, so as to allow a rocking movement. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rockmount Foundation:}{\f0  a made-up name for a foundation. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock of Gibraltar:}{\f0  a huge limestone mass at the southern tip of Spain, extending into the Mediterranean. Its seeming impregnability (not capable of being captured or entered by force) as a fortress during several wars led to the saying: 
\ldblquote solid as the Rock of Gibraltar.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock of Gibraltar:}{\f0  a huge limestone mass at the southern tip of Spain, extending into the Mediterranean. Its seeming impregnability (not capable of being captured or entered by force) as a fortress during several wars led to the saying: 
\ldblquote solid as the Rock of Gibraltar.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock of Gibraltar:}{\f0  a huge limestone mass at the southern tip of Spain, extending into the Mediterranean. Its seeming impregnability (not capable of being captured or entered by force) as a fortress during several wars led to the saying: 
\ldblquote solid as the Rock of Gibraltar.\rdblquote  Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock of Gibraltar:}{\f0  a huge limestone mass at the southern tip of Spain, extending into the Mediterranean. Its seeming impregnability (not capable of being captured or entered by force) as a fortress during several wars led to the saying: 
\ldblquote solid as the Rock of Gibraltar.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rock of Gibraltar:}{\f0  a huge limestone mass at the southern tip of Spain, extending into the Mediterranean. Its seeming impregnability (not capable of being captured or entered by force) as a fortress during several wars led to the saying: 
\ldblquote solid as the Rock of Gibraltar.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocks:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  precious stones; diamonds or other gems. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocks in his head, have: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  be stupid; not have good judgment. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocks in (one's) head:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupidity or foolishness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 rocks in (one's) head:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  stupidity or foolishness. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocks in (one's) head, has got: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 is stupid; does not have good judgment. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rock slam:}{\f0  a crazy, irregular, left-right sla
shing motion of the needle on the E-Meter dial. Rock slams repeat left and right slashes unevenly and savagely, faster than the eye easily follows. The needle is frantic. A rock slam means a hidden evil intention on the subject or question under auditing 
or discussion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rock slam:}{\f0  a crazy, irregular, left-right slashing motion of the needle on the E-Meter dial. Rock slams repeat left and right slashes unevenly and savagely, faster than the eye easily follows. The needle is frantic.
 A rock slam means a hidden evil intention on the subject or question under auditing or discussion. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rock slam:}{\f0 
*** a crazy, irregular, left-right slashing motion of the needle on the E-Meter dial. Rock slams repeat left and right slashes unevenly and savagely, faster than the eye easily follows. The needle is frantic. A rock slam means a hidden evil intention on t
he subject or question under auditing or discussion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rock slam: }{\f0 the crazy, irregular, }{\f0\ul left-right}{\f0 
 slashing motion of the needle on the E-Meter dial. Rock slams repeat left and right slashes unevenly and savagely, faster than the eye easily follows. The needle is frantic. The width of a rock slam depends largely on sensitivity setting. It goes from on
e-fourth inch to the whole dial. But it slams }{\f0\ul back and forth.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rock slams:}{\f0  registers }{\f0\ul rock slams}{\f0  on an E-Meter. A }{\f0\ul rock slam}{\f0  is a crazy, irregular, left-right slashing motion of the need
le on the E-Meter dial. Rock slams repeat left and right slashes unevenly and savagely, faster than the eye easily follows. The needle is frantic. A rock slam means a hidden evil intention on the subject or question under auditing or discussion. \emdash 
OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rock slams:}{\f0  the needle on the E-Meter dial performing a crazy, irregular, left-right slashing motion. Rock slams repeat left and right slashes unevenly and savagely, faster than the eye easily follows. The needle is frantic. 
A rock slam means a hidden evil intention on the subject or question under auditing or discussion. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul meter }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Future Org Trends}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 rock slams:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (verb)}{\f0 
 registers rock slams on an E-Meter. A rock slam is a crazy, irregular, left-right slashing motion of the needle on the E-Meter dial. Rock slams repeat left and right slashes unevenly and savagely, faster than the eye easily follows. The needle is frantic
. A rock slam means a hidden evil intention on the subject or question under auditing or discussion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 rocks, on the:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  in or into a condition of ruin or catastrophe. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rocks, on the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  in or into a condition of ruin or catastrophe. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rocks, on the:}{\f0 
 in a condition of ruin or failure. From seafaring, where a ship that is on the rocks will very quickly go to pieces unless she can be floated off. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rocks, on the:}{\f0 
 in or into a condition of ruin or failure; wrecked; ruined. From seafaring, where a ship that is on the rocks will very quickly go to pieces unless she can be floated off. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rocks, on the:}{\f0  in or into a condition of ruin or failure; wrecked; ruined. It is a phrase from seafaring: a ship that is on the rocks will very quickly go to pieces unless she can be floated off. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 rocks, on the:}{\f0  into a condition of ruin or failure; wreck; ruin. From seafaring, where a ship that is on the rocks will very quickly go to pieces unless she can be floated off. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rocky:}{\f0  reference to Nelson A. Rockefeller (1908 - 1979), Vice-President of the United States from 1974 to 1977. He filled the post when it became vacant due to the earlier incumbent (Gerald Ford) succeeding to the presidency. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Ford}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rocky Mountains:}{\f0  a mountain system in western North America which extends from central New Mexico to northern Alaska and is over 3,000 miles long. \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Rocky Mountains:}{\f0  a mountain system in western North America which extends from central New Mexico to northern Alaska and is over 3,000 miles long. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rodale's }{\b\f0\ul Synonym Finder:}{\f0  a book by J.I. Rodale arranged in alphabetical format containing over one million synonyms.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rodale's }{\b\f0\ul Synonym Finder:}{\f0  a book by J.I. Rodale arranged in alphabetical format containing over one million synonyms.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rodeo:}{\f0  an exhibition of cowboys' skill in handling animals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rodgers and Hammerstein:}{\f0 
 prolific producers of immensely popular American musicals. Richard Rodgers (1909 - 1979), composer and Oscar Hammerstein II (1895 - 1960), lyricist and producer, scored many well-known musical comedies in the twentieth century, the most fa
mous of which were }{\f0\ul Oklahoma!, South Pacific, The King and I }{\f0 and}{\f0\ul  The Sound of Music. See also }{\b\f0\ul Oklahoma!}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rodin:}{\f0  Auguste Rodin (1840 - 1917), French sculptor. }{\f0\ul The Thinker}{\f0  is his best known work. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Rodin:}{\f0  Auguste Rodin (1840 - 1917). He was considered the greatest French sculptor of his time. As a realist he believed that the artist should be inspired by nature. One of his most famous sculptures was \ldblquote The Thinker.\rdblquote 
 Rodin's later works included portraits and monumental representations of famous figures. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul \ldblquote Thinker\rdblquote  }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rodin:}{\f0  Auguste Rodin (1840 - 1917). He was considered the greatest French sculptor of his time. As a realist he believed that the artist should be inspired by nature. One of his most famous sculptures was \ldblquote The Thinker.
\rdblquote  Rodin's later works included portraits and monumental representations of famous figures. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul \ldblquote Thinker\rdblquote  }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 roentgen:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (physics)}{\f0  the unit of exposure to X-rays or gamma rays. Whereas a }{\f0\ul curie}{\f0  measures the amount of activity in radioactive material itself, a }{\f0\ul roentgen}{\f0 
 is a measure of the radiation generated by that material. Named after German physicist Wilhelm Conrad R\'f6ntgen (1845 - 1923) who discovered X-rays in 1895. Abbreviation }{\f0\ul r.}{\f0  \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Rogers, Buck:}{\f0  reference to the science fiction serial which featured the star, Buck Rogers, in adventures of 
interplanetary travel and battles against evil in the year 2430. Buck Rogers first appeared in comic strips, then in radio shows and later in a television program (1950 - 1951) entitled \ldblquote Buck Rogers in the 25th Century.\rdblquote  \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rogers, Buck:}{\f0 
 the main character in a science fiction serial about adventures of interplanetary travel and battles against evil in the year 2430. Buck Rogers first appeared in comic strips, then in radio shows and later in a television program (1950 - 1951) entitled 
\ldblquote Buck Rogers in the 25th Century.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Rogers, Buck:}{\f0  the star of a science fiction adventure of interplanetary travel and battles against evil. Buck first appeared in comic strips and radio shows. Later a television program aired from 1950 - 1951 entitled \ldblquote 
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century.\rdblquote  Per the story, Buck was rendered unconscious by a peculiar gas which placed him in a state of suspended animation. When he awakened it was the year 2430. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Rogers, Buck:}{\f0  the star of a science fiction adventure of interplanetary travel and battles against evil. Buck first appeared in comic strips and radio shows. Later a television program aired from 1950 - 1951 entitled \ldblquote 
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century.\rdblquote  Per the story, Buck was rendered unconscious by a peculiar gas which placed him in a state of suspended animation. When he awakened it was the year 2430. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 Rogers, Don:}{\f0  a staff member who worked at the Dianetics organization in Elizabeth, New Jersey in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rogers, Donald H.:}{\f0 *** a staff member who worked at the Dianetics organization in Elizabeth, New Jersey in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 roger, wilco, over, under and out:}{\f0  humorous reference to words used in two-way radio communication to signify certain things. }{\f0\ul Roger}{\f0 
 is used as a response in radio communication to indicate that a message has been received and understood; }{\f0\ul wilco}{\f0  is short for }{\f0\ul will comply}{\f0  and means \ldblquote I will comply with your request; }{\f0\ul over}{\f0 
 is used to signify that the sender is awaiting a reply to or acknowledgment of a transmission and }{\f0\ul out}{\f0  is used to end a communication and means that the message in completed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)

\par }{\b\f0 Rohmer, Sax:}{\f0  pseudonym of Arthur Sarsfield Ward: (1883 - 1959) English author of }{\f0\ul Dr. Fu Manchu.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome which was established by Augustus in 27 b.c. Around a.d. 64 the Christian
 religion appeared in Rome and expanded steadily for the next few centuries, despite strong persecution from more than ten Roman emperors throughout this time period. By the time that the Roman Empire fell in a.d. 395, Christianity had become the state re
ligion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rosicrucianism:}{\f0  the doctrine, school or theory of the }{\f0\ul Rosicrucians,}{\f0  members of an international society professing esoteric religious principles and emphasizing occult knowledge and powers. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of 
Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Route 1:}{\f0  a series of advanced processes, run only after a person has been exteriorized. It is designed to reacquaint the thetan with the physical universe and improve his perceptions and abilities. For more information, see the book }{
\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability}{\f0  by L. Ron Hubbard. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process, thetan }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 exteriorized }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rover:}{\f0  a familiar name for a dog. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rubidus:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul rug, gnaws the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  acts overemotionally in a situation where it is inappropriate. A variation of }{\f0\ul chew the scenery}{\f0 
 which originally referred to a person in show business who was overacting in a play, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul run:}{\f0  perform the steps of (a process). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul 
\par 
\par ROL -
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 R1:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Route 1,}{\f0  a series of advanced processes, run only 
after the person has been exteriorized, that are designed to reacquaint the thetan with the physical universe and improve his perceptions and abilities. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process, thetan }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 exteriorize }{\f0 
in this glossary. For more information see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 R1C:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Routine 1C:}{\f0  a Scientology process where an auditor, using a list of questions, got the preclear to talk to get in the itsa line (the pc's communication line to the aud
itor). It was done without the use of an E-Meter.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul itsa}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 R1CM:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Routine 1CM:}{\f0  a Scientology process where the auditor takes up things with the pc that got tone arm motion on the E-Meter while the pc was itsaing. It is similar to R1C, but uses an E-Meter. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul R1C}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 R2-10:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2-10,}{\f0  a process used in finding goals. Its target was a fast result in the pc and greater reality for the auditor. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul goal}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{
\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul R2-12:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2-12,}{\f0  a method of discharging the influence of a rock slamming item, which had twelve steps. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 R2 - 16:}{\f0  the number of the process Opening Procedure of 8-C. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Opening Procedure of 8-C}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  the section on }{\b\f0 R2 - 16}{\f0  in this book. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 R2:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Route 2,}{\f0  a series of Scientology processes given to a person who has not been exteriorized to get the person to the point where he can exteriorize. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 exteriorize}{\f0 
 in this glossary. For more information see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 R2:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2,}{\f0  a procedure consisting of the assessing and running of the Prehav Scale, Joburg Security Check and the Havingness and Confront Processes, all run in Model Session. For more information, see HCOB 5 Ju
ne 1961, PROCESSES ALLOWED, in }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins }{\f0 Volume VI. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Prehav Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 R2H:}{\f0  Routine 2-H, a very precise procedure developed in 1963 for disposing of ARC breaks. The full procedure of Routine 2-H may be found in HCOB 25 June 1963 in the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash }{
\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0\ul R2H:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2H,}{\f0  a very precise procedure developed in 1963 for disposing of ARC breaks. The full procedure of Routine 2H can be found in HCOB 25 June 1963, ROUTINE 2H, ARC BREAKS BY ASSESSMENT, of }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins }{\f0 Volume VII. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 R2H:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2-H,}{\f0  a very precise procedure developed in 1963 for disposing of ARC breaks. The full procedure of Routine 2-H may be found in HCOB 25 June 1963 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 R2H:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2-H,}{\f0  a very precise procedure developed in 1963 for disposing of ARC breaks. The full procedure of Routine 2-H may be found in HCOB 25 June 1963 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990}{\f0\ul 
\par }{\b\f0\ul R3R:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Routine 3 Revised, Engram Running by Chains,}{\f0 
 a process developed by LRH in 1963 for the running of engrams. With the introduction of New Era Dianetics in 1978 the R3R procedure was further refined and became R3RA. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 R3R:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3 Revised, Engram Running by Chains,}{\f0 
 a process developed by LRH in 1963 for the running of engrams. With the introduction of New Era Dianetics in 1978 the R3R procedure was further refined and became R3RA. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 R3RA:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul Routine 3RA:}{\f0  modern engram running; the method used for running engrams on a pc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 R3RA:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3RA:}{\f0  modern engram running; the method used for running engrams on a preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R4:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 4,}{\f0  an auditing procedure used in the handling of GPMs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 R4H:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 4H, }{\f0 a process used to relieve ARC breaks. The process designation was later changed to R3H. For more information see HCOB 6 Aug. 1968 II, R3H, in }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins}{\f0  Volume VIII. \emdash }
{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 R6:}{\f0  Routine 6, a clearing process addressing GPMs which was taught at Level VI on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture.}{\f0\ul  See also}{\b\f0\ul  GPM}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{
\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 R6:}{\f0  Routine 6, a clearing process taught at Level VI at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 R6:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6,}{\f0  a clearing process addressing GPMs. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul clearing }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 GPM}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R6:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6,}{\f0  a clearing process addressing GPMs. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul GPM}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 R6:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6,}{\f0  a clearing process addressing GPMs which was taught at Level VI on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul GPM}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 
Special Briefing Course}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0\ul R6 bank:}{\f0  the reactive mind. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 R6 bank:}{\f0  the reactive mind.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul R6 }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R6EW:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 outine }{\f0\ul 6 E}{\f0 nd }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 ords, the name of a clearing process dealing with end words. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul end word}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 clearing}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R6EW:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 outine }{\f0\ul 6 E}{\f0 nd }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 ords, the name of a clearing process dealing with end words. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul end word}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0 
 Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 roll:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  begin to move or operate; start; commence. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rollei:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Rolleiflex:}{\f0  the name of a high quality twin-lens reflex camera. First marketed by a German firm of Franke and Heidecke in 1928. The lower lens focuses an image on the fi
lm and the upper lens is part of the viewfinder. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rollei:}{\f0  the brand name of high-quality photographic equipment produced since the early 1900s by a German firm named Franke and Heidecke. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rollei:}{\f0  the brand name of high-quality photographic equipment produced since the early 1900s by a German firm named Franke and Heidecke. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Rolleiflex:}{\f0  the name of a high quality twin-lens reflex camera. First marketed by a German firm of Franke and Heidecke in 1928. The lower lens focuses an image on the film and the upper lens is part of the viewfinder. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roll 'em:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (cinematography) }{\f0 a command to start filming; run or start a movie camera. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roller bearings: }{\f0 a system used in a machine in which a shaft turns with rollers, generally of steel, arranged in a ringlike track; used to reduce friction. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 roller coasters:}{\f0  feels good after auditing and then feels bad; slumps after a gain. It's a case that betters and worsens; the person goes up and he goes down and he goes up and he goes down. From }{\f0\ul roller coaster,}{\f0 
 a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul potential trouble source}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0 
 Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 rolling:}{\f0  the action of a vessel moving from side to side. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 rolling stone never has to work, a:}{\f0  a humorous variation of }{\f0\ul a rolling stone gathers no moss, }{\f0 
a proverb now having two meanings: people pay a price for being always on the move: they have no roots in a specific place (the original meaning); or people who keep moving avoid picking up responsibilities and cares. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolling with the punches:}{\f0  behaving so as to defend oneself against damage and surprise; absorbing punishment and 
surviving. From the evasive action of a boxer who does not avoid a punch but reduces its effect by moving in the direction of the blow. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roll it:}{\f0  have a preclear recount an incident. From a movie studio term meaning to run or start a movie camera. See also }{\b\f0 preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 Rollo:}{\f0  a masculine proper name, a form of Rolf. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rollo:}{\f0  a masculine proper name; used in this lecture in reference to a made-up person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 roll out:}{\f0  get out of bed. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 roll (something) up:}{\f0  work out and complete the details of (something). A variation of }{\f0\ul wrap (something) up.}{
\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0 *** a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rolls-Royce:}{\f0  a brand of car, noted as being of the highest quality. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roll (them) off:}{\f0 *** flow (words) in a continuous stream. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 roll up:}{\f0  increase. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 roll up (one's) sleeves:}{\f0  get ready for a hard job; prepare to work hard or seriously. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  a coined term meaning a person who feels good after auditing and then feels bad; a slump after a gain. It's a case that betters and worsens; the person goes up and he goes down and he goes up and he goes down. From }{\f0\ul 
roller coaster,}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul potential trouble source}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  a coined term meaning a person who feels good after auditing and then feels bad; a slump after a gain. It's a case that betters and worsens; 
the person goes up and he goes down and he goes up and he goes down. The term is also used in reference to an organization's doing well and worsening in a similar fashion. From }{\f0\ul roller coaster,}{\f0 
 a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  a coined term meaning getting better and then getting worse; something that betters and worsens. From }{\f0\ul roller coaster,}{\f0  a railway for amusement c
onsisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  a coined term meaning to feel good after auditing and then feel bad; have a slump after a gain. A \ldblquote rolly coaster\rdblquote 
 case is one that betters and worsens; the person goes up and he goes down and he goes up and he goes down. From }{\f0\ul roller coaster,}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul rolly coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  like a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  like a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  like a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul roller coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul roller coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul roller coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul roller coaster,}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul roller coaster,}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in this lecture. For more information see HCOB 8 Nov. 1965,
 SUPPRESSIVES AND HIDDEN STANDARDS, in }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins }{\f0 Volume VII. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster:}{\f0  same as }{\f0\ul roller coaster,}{\f0 
 a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in this lecture. For more information see HCOB 8 Nov. 1965, SUPPRESSIVES AND HIDDEN STANDARDS, in }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins }
{\f0 Volume VII. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coaster case:}{\f0  a coined term meaning a person who feels good after auditing and then feels bad; a slump after a gain. It's a case that betters and worsens; the person goes up and he goes down and he goes up and he goes down. From }{
\f0\ul roller coaster,}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul cases }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 potential trouble sources}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }
{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coasters:}{\f0  a coined term meaning gets better and then gets worse; acts in a manner like a }{\f0\ul roller coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rolly coasters:}{\f0  acts in a manner like a }{\f0\ul roller coaster:}{\f0  a railway for amusement consisting of inclined tracks along which small cars roll, abruptly dip, turn, etc. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 romaji: }{\f0 a system of writing Japanese using the letters of the Latin alphabet. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman:}{\f0  a native of the }{\f0\ul Roman Empire,}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman:}{\f0  of or pertaining to the Roman Empire: the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman:}{\f0  pertaining to the Roman Empire: the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Roman:}{\f0 
 pertaining to the Roman Empire: the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Roman:}{\f0  pertaining to the Roman Empire: the empire of ancient Rome 
that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman arena:}{\f0  the central part of an ancient Roman amphitheater, wherein slave, captive or paid fighters (called gladiators) fought each other and also wild beasts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman arena:}{\f0  the central part of an ancient Roman amphitheater, wherein slave, captive or paid fighters (called gladiators) fought each other and also wild beasts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman arena:}{\f0  the central part of an ancient Roman amphitheater, wherein slave, captive or paid fighters (called gladiators) fought each other and also wild beasts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman arena:}{\f0  the central part of an ancient Roman amphitheater, wherein slave, captive or paid fighters (called gladiators) fought each other and also wild beasts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman arena:}{\f0  the central part of an ancient Roman amphitheater, wherein slave, captive or paid fighters (called gladiators) fought each other and also wild beasts. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman arena:}{\f0  the central part of an ancient Roman amphitheater, wherein slave, captive or paid fighters (called gladiators) fought each other and also wild beasts. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Roman arena:}{\f0  the central part of an ancient Roman amphitheater, wherein slave, captive or paid fighters (called gladiators) fought each other and also wild beasts. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and 
}{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman arena:}{\f0 
 the central part of an ancient Roman amphitheater, wherein slave, captive or paid fighters (called gladiators) fought each other and also wild beasts. Part of the Roman persecution of Christians was the practice of throwing the Christians to the lions in
 an arena. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Roman candle:}{\f0  a firework consisting of a tube that sends out a shower of sparks and a succession of balls of fire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman candle:}{\f0  a firework consisting of a tube that sends out a shower of sparks and a succession of balls of fire\emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0 .
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholic: }{\f0 a member of the Roman Catholic church, that branch of Christianity (the religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ) headed by the pope. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholic:}{\f0  of the Roman Catholic Church, that branch of Christianity (the religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ) headed by the pope. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholic Church:}{\f0  the branch of Christianity (the religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ) headed by the pope. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholic Church:}{\f0  the branch of Christianity (the religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ) headed by the pope. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholic Church:}{\f0  the branch of Christianity (the religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ) headed by the pope. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholic Church:}{\f0  the branch of Christianity (the religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ) headed by the pope. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholic church:}{\f0  the branch of Christianity (the religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ) headed by the pope. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholic church:}{\f0  the Christian church of which the pope, or Bishop of Rome, is the supreme head. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholicism:}{\f0  the doctrines, practices and organization of the Roman Catholic Church (also called the Catholic Church).   \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Catholicism:}{\f0  the doctrines, practices and organization of the Roman Catholic Church (also called the Catholic Church).   \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 romance: }{\f0 the character or quality of events or conditions that are full of excitement or noble deeds. \'d1}{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary.}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Circus:}{\f0  an entertainment given in an arena in ancient Rome, as a chariot race or a public game. The arena, called a }{\f0\ul circus, }{\f0 
was a large, usually oblong or oval, roofless enclosure, surrounded by tiers of seats rising one above another. Gladiatorial contests (in which men, singly or in troops, often fought to the death to provide spectacles for the populace) and beast hunts wer
e also regularly given in circuses in Rome. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Circus:}{\f0  entertainments given in an arena in ancient Rome, as chariot races, various contests (often involving wild beasts) and gladiatorial combats. The arena, called a }{\f0\ul circus, }{\f0 
was a large, usually oblong or oval, roofless enclosure, surrounded by tiers of seats rising one above the other for spectators. The chariot races of the Roman Circus were often scenes of riot and bloodshed between factions of charioteers, and the games w
ere brutal and bloody. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Roman-circus:}{\f0  of or pertaining to entertainment given in an arena in ancient Rome, as a chariot race or a public game. The arena, called a }{\f0\ul circus, }{\f0 
was a large, usually oblong or oval, roofless enclosure, surrounded by tiers of seats rising one above another. Gladiatorial contests (in which men, singly or in troops, often fought to the death to provide spectacles for the populace) and beast hunts wer
e also regularly given in circuses in Rome. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman-circus:}{\f0 *** of or pertaining to entertainment given in an arena in ancient Rome, as a chariot race or a public game. The arena, called a }{\f0\ul circus, }{\f0 
was a large, usually oblong or oval, roofless enclosure, surrounded by tiers of seats rising one above another. Gladiatorial contests (in which men, singly or in troops, often fought to the death to provide spectacles for the populace) and beast hunts wer
e also regularly given in circuses in Rome. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Constitution:}{\f0 
 the constitution of ancient Rome. At first, the constitution was aristocratic in nature with the rights of citizenship depending upon family and wealth. The citizens were divided into two classes with the higher class enjoying full rights of citizenship 
and the lower class having only limited citizenship. The lower class organized and insisted on political equality which they won after many years. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome centered at the ci
ty of Rome, in what is now Italy. According to legend, Rome was founded in 753 b.c., and the Roman Empire lasted up to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Government and Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology Organizations}{
\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0 
 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{
\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0 
*** the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it
 was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. During the time of the Roman Empire there were many civil wars, and Roman rulers often ordered purges where those opposed to them we
re put to death. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman E
mpire. During the time of the Roman Empire there were many civil wars, and Roman rulers often ordered purges where those opposed to them were put to death. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0  the empire of the ancient Romans, established 27 b.
c. by Augustus and continuing until a.d. 395, when it became divided into the Western Roman Empire, with the capital at Rome, and the Eastern Roman Empire, with the capital at Constantinople. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 Roman Empire:}{\f0 
 the empire of the ancient Romans, established 27 b.c. by Augustus and continuing until a.d. 395, when it became divided into the Western Roman Empire, with the capital at Rome, and the Eastern Roman Empire, with the capital at Constantinople. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Class VIII #10, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Roman legionnaires:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Roman history)}{\f0  members of a Roman military division varying at times from 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers, with additional cavalrymen. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Rome}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Roman legionnaires:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Roman history)}{\f0  members of a Roman military division varying at times from 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers, with additional cavalrymen. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Rome}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }
{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 Roman legionnaires:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Roman history)}{\f0  members of the Roman legions, Roman military divisions varying at times from 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers, with additional cavalrymen. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman legionnaires:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Roman history)}{\f0  members of the Roman legions, Roman military divisions varying at times from 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers, with additional cavalrymen. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman legions:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Roman history)}{\f0  Roman military divisions varying at times from 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers, with additional cavalrymen. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Roman}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3
}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman legions: }{\b\f0\ul (Roman history)}{\f0  Roman military divisions varying at times from 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers, with additional cavalrymen. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman legions:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Roman history)}{\f0  Roman military divisions varying at times from 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers, with additional cavalrymen. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman legions:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Roman history)}{\f0  the Roman military divisions varying at times from 3,000 to 6,000 foot soldiers, with additional cavalrymen. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman postulate:}{\f0 
 a reference to the idea among the ancient Romans that no matter what happened to the world, no matter how many other empires might rise and fall, Rome would go on forever, that Rome was an empire without end, an eternal city. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman purges:}{\f0  the Roman persecutions of the Christians where the Christians were thrown to the lions in the Colosseum (a great arena of ancient Rome which seated 50,000) for the en
tertainment of the Romans, and to remove them as political opponents. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Romans:}{\f0  natives of the Roman Empire: the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Romanticism:}{\f0  a style in literature, music, art, etc., of the eighteenth and nineteenth century which stressed free expression of the artist's feelings, ideas, etc., and began to deal with the common man, primitive nature, etc. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roman year:}{\f0 
 a reference to the ancient calendar devised and used by the Romans. Very early in their history, the Romans began basing their calendar on the idea that 12 lunar months make a year. Each lunar month (from new moon to new moon) is about 29 1/2 days, so th
e Roman year came to 354 days. But the true solar year (the time it takes the Earth to circle the sun) is just under 365 1/4 days. The Romans made up for the difference by adding an extra month every few years. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome: }{\f0 the capital of Italy and seat of the Roman Catholic Church.}{\f0\ul  Somebody tried to change a few doctrines down in Rome and\'d1some scientist\'d1and they burned him. \'d1The Dynamics of Existence (13 Aug. 51)}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire (the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was establi
shed by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire (the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 
a.d., when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire (the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to 395 a.d., when it was divided 
into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Roman Empire}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire (the empire of ancient Rome that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, whe
n it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire). \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0 *** the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Roman Empire}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90

\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of Italy; it was also the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire. A secret of Rome's early success was the generous treatment given to areas that it conquered, allowing many 
areas to remain self-governing. However, the Romans felt that the early Christians were not respectful toward Roman ancestral pagan customs and their preaching sometimes sounded like it was advocating revolution. Professing to be a Christian came to be de
fined as a capital crime in Rome. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Roman Empire}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of the ancient Roman republic and of the Roman Empire; the capital of Italy. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Roman Empire }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0  the capital of the ancient Roman Republic and of the Roman Empire; the capital of Italy. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Roman Empire }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome:}{\f0 
 the capital of the ancient Roman Republic and of the Roman Empire (the empire that lasted from 27 b.c., when it was established by Augustus, to a.d. 395, when it was divided into the Eastern Roman Empire and the Western Roman Empire); the capital of Ital
y. During the time of the Roman Empire, the whole We
stern world became subject to Rome and was at peace for roughly the first four centuries a.d. The Empire was known for its strongly centralized government and for massive public works, such as roads and aqueducts, which helped maintain its power and effic
iency. There are many great monuments of Rome's past still standing today. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Rome, all roads lead to:}{\f0  all ways or methods of fulfilling a specific intention end in the same result (often used to defend one's personal way
 of doing something or to suggest that no one method is better than another). During the period of the Roman Empire a system of roads was built across Europe. It was said that whichever road one started a journey on one would, if one kept on traveling, fi
nally reach the city of Rome. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome, all roads lead to:}{\f0  all ways or methods of fulfilling a specific intention end in the same result (often used to defend one's personal way of doing something or to suggest that no one method
 is better than another). During the period of the Roman Empire a system of roads was built across Europe. It was said that whichever road one started a journey on one would, if one kept on traveling, finally reach the city of Rome. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rome, all roads lead to:}{\f0 
 all ways or methods of fulfilling a specific intention end in the same result (often used to defend one's personal way of doing something or to suggest that no one method is better than another). During the period of the R
oman Empire a system of roads was built across Europe. It was said that whichever road one started a journey on one would, if one kept on traveling, finally reach the city of Rome. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rommel:}{\f0  Erwin Rommel (1891 - 1944), a German military commander of the twentieth century. A master of the blitzkrieg, he saw much action in World War II, leading campaigns in France, Italy and north Africa where he became known as the 
\ldblquote Desert Fox.\rdblquote  He attained the rank of field marshal but was implicated in a plot to assassinate the German leader, Adolf Hitler. On Hitler's orders, he killed himself. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul blitzkrieg }{\f0 in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rommel:}{\f0  Erwin Rommel (1891 - 1944), a German military commander of the twentieth century. A master of the blitzkrieg, he saw much action in World War II, leading campaigns in France, Italy and north Africa where he became known as the 
\ldblquote Desert Fox.\rdblquote  Rommel had attained the rank of field marshal but was defeated by the British at Tobru
k (city in northern Libya) in 1942. In July 1944, he was implicated in a plot to assassinate the German leader, Adolf Hitler. On Hitler's orders, he killed himself. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tobruk }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rompers: }{\f0 a loose, one-piece garment combining a shirt or blouse and short, bloomerlike pants, worn by young children.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 romping:}{\f0  playing in a rough and noisy or unrestrained manner. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ron: }{\f0 L. Ron Hubbard, founder of Dianetics and Scientology. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Dianetics }{\f0 and }{\b\f0\ul Scientology }{\f0 in this glossary. }{\f0\ul 
Before you ruin your lives totally, Ron has recommended that you be given a Comm Course.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs in Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 (r one cm) R1CM:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 1CM:}{\f0  a Scientology process where the auditor takes up things with the pc that moved the tone arm while the pc was itsa-ing. It is similar to R1C, but uses an E-Meter. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul itsa-ing, R1C}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 TA }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 (r one c) R1C:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 1C:}{\f0 
 a Scientology process where an auditor, using a list of questions, got the preclear to talk to get in the itsa line (the pc's communication line to the auditor). It was done without the use of an E-Meter.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul itsa}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 (r one c) R1C:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 1C:}{\f0 
 a Scientology process where an auditor, using a list of questions, got the preclear to talk to get in the itsa line (the pc's communication line to the auditor). It was done without the use of an E-Meter.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul itsa}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 (r one) R1:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 oute }{\f0\ul 1}{\f0 
: a series of Scientology processes employed on a preclear who can comply with the auditing command }{\f0\ul \ldblquote Be three feet back of your head,\rdblquote }{\f0  with no noticeable communication lag. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Ron's Journal 67\rdblquote :}{\f0  a lecture by LRH in 1967, right aft
er he became the first person ever to come safely through the Wall of Fire (an area of charge cunningly rigged to kill anyone who tried to discover its secrets). This tape marks a turning point on the whole track that all Scientologists need to know about
. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ron's Journal:}{\f0  a medium of communication from L. Ron Hubbard. At the time of this lecture, Ron's Journals were designed for org staffs as an intimate chat with staff members to let them in o
n what was going on and what was being planned so they could be informative to the Scientology public. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Ronson:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (trademark) }{\f0 the brand name of a cigarette lighter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roodlepuffs:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 roodle-rattled:}{\f0  a made-up term with no particular meaning. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 roodles, round of:}{\f0  a version of poker (a card game where players bet on the value of the cards in their hands, forming a pool to be taken by the winner). In a }{\f0\ul round of roodles}{\f0 
 every player must ante (put one's stake into the pool before receiving cards) and the limit is usually doubled making very high stakes for the winner. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roof falls in, the:}{\f0   }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  something disastrous occurs; everything goes wrong. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 roof falls in, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  something disastrous occurs; everything goes wrong. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roof, goes out through the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 becomes very angry. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 roof, goes out through the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 becomes very angry. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 roof, going out through the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 becoming very angry. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roof, going straight through the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 becoming very angry. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roof, go through the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 become very angry. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roof, go up through the:}{\f0  increase beyond all expectations. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - Welcome to the FEBC}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roof, go up through the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  rise up to or beyond acceptable limits. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roof's the limit, the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul the sky's the limit:}{\f0  there are no limits. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rook:}{\f0  one of the two chess pieces shaped like a castle tower which can move parallel to the sides of the board across any number of empty squares. The rook closest to the ki
ng at the start of the game is called the king's rook. A rook is also called a }{\f0\ul castle. \emdash Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt: }{\f0 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945. He became president near the beginning of a major economic depression and continued in office through re-election based on promises to relieve the strife it caus
ed. The early part of his presidency is remembered for a group of government programs designed to reverse the effects of
 the economic depression. He used the radio to build public support for his policies; however, his programs resulted in inflation and less production. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt: }{\f0 Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 - 1945); thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 
In 1939 he declared the United States to be neutral in international affairs while numerous countries (including the USSR, Japan, Germany and Italy) were breaking treaties and invading their neighboring areas. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt:***}{\f0 
 Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945. He became president near the beginning of a major economic depression and continued in office through re-election based on promises to relieve the strife it cau
sed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt, Franklin Delano:}{\f0  (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945). The early part of his presidency is remembered for a group 
of government programs designed to reverse the effects of the economic depression. He used the radio to build public support for his policies; however, his programs resulted in inflation and less production. In the later years of his presidency, he attemp
ted to support the Allies in World War II without bringing the United States into the war. At this time, he made his speech announcing the \ldblquote 
four freedoms (freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear).\rdblquote  After
 the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor, the United States entered the war. Roosevelt began the Manhattan Project which produced the atomic bomb, a weapon that after his death brought a quick but highly controversial end to the war. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul Frankie the Limper }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt, Franklin Delano:}{\f0  (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945). The early part of his presidency is remembered for a group of government programs designed to rev
erse the effects of the economic depression. He used the radio to build public support for his policies; however, his programs resulted in inflation and less production. In the later years of his presidency, he attempted to support the Allies in World War
 II without bringing the United States into the war. At this time, he made his speech announcing the \ldblquote four freedoms (freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear).\rdblquote 
 After the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor, the United States entered the war. Roosevelt began the Manhattan Project which produced the atomic bomb, a weapon that after his death brought a quick but highly controversial end to the war. }{\f0\ul See also 
}{\b\f0\ul Frankie the Limper }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt, Franklin Delano:}{\f0 
 (1882 - 1945) thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945. He became president near the beginning of a major economic depression and continued in office through re-election based on promises to relieve the strife it caused. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt, Franklin Delano:}{\f0 
 (1882 - 1945) thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945. He became president near the beginning of a major economic depression and continued in office through re-election based on promises to relieve the strife it caused. \emdash OEC - }{
\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt, Franklin Delano:}{\f0  (1882 - 1945) thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945. He became president near the beginning of a major economic depre
ssion and continued in office through re-election based on promises to relieve the strife it caused. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt, Franklin Delano:}{\f0  (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the US from 1933 to 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rooseveltism:}{\f0  the doctrine or policy of Roosevelt: Franklin D. Roosevelt (1882 - 1945), thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945). The early part of his presidency is remembered for a group of government 
programs designed to reverse the effects of the economic depression. He used the radio to build public support for his policies; however, his programs resulted in inflation and less production. He also began the Manhattan Project which produced the atomic
 bomb. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roosevelt plowed under pigs:}{\f0  a reference to the actions of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, thirty-second president of the United States (1933 - 1945), who in his early legislation, approved the establishment of a new gove
rnment agency called the Agricultural Adjustment Administration (AAA). The purpose of this agency was the \ldblquote effective control of crop surpluses.\rdblquote 
 As a result restraints were placed on agricultural production to drive up the low farm prices at that time; growing crops of corn, cotton and other agricultural products were plowed under as well, 6,000,000 pigs were killed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rootle pods:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul root words:}{\f0  the words which are the regard or action one is supposed to have for an end word. Each end word has many root words. For example, in the goal \ldblquote to catch catfish,\rdblquote  \ldblquote catch\rdblquote 
 is the root word. }{\f0\ul See also\~}{\b\f0 end word}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 root words:}{\f0 *** the words which are the regard or action one is supposed to have for an end word. Each end word has many root words. For example, in the goal \ldblquote to catch catfish,\rdblquote  \ldblquote catch\rdblquote 
 is the root word. }{\f0\ul See also\~}{\b\f0 end word}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 GPM}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Rootybile:}{\f0  a humorously made-up name for an automobile. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rope chair:}{\f0 
 a chair in a procedure for hanging a person on which the sentenced person would stand in order to reach the hangman's rope. When the chair was pulled out from under the person, he would drop down causing the rope to draw tight around the neck thus bringi
ng about his death. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rope check:}{\f0  something that acts as a stop or restraint on tightening the rope around one's neck. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 roped in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 enticed or tricked into doing something. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ropes, been through the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  experienced and been through all the details, rules and organization of a business, method, etc. A variation of }{\f0\ul learn the ropes,}{\f0 
 which comes from sailing and means to be familiar with the ropes that control the sails of a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ropes, hang on the:}{\f0  be undecided or unsettled. A variation of }{\f0\ul hang in the air.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ropes, know all the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  be fully acquainted with the details or procedures of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ropes, learn the: }{\f0 know or learn all the details, rules and organization of a business, method, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul ropes, learn the:}{\f0  know or learn all the details, rules and organization of a business, method, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ropes, learn the:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 know or learn all the details, rules and organization of a business, method, etc.  
\emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ropes, left (one) hanging on the:}{\f0  left (one) undecided or unsettled. A variation of }{\f0\ul 
leave hanging in the air.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ropes, left (one) hanging on the:}{\f0  left (one) undecided or unsettled. A variation of }{\f0\ul leave hanging in the air.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ropes, put (one) through all of the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul show (one) the ropes,}{\f0  teach (one) the workings of a business, method, organization, etc. The expressio
n comes from sailing and means to make one familiar with the ropes that control the sails of a ship. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rop-Rop Avenue:}{\f0  a made-up name for an avenue. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rorschach: }{\f0 a psychological test for revealing the underlying personality structure of an individual by the use of a standard series of 10 inkblot designs to which the subject responds by telling what image or emotion each design evokes. --}{
\f0\ul Random House 2nd Edition Unabridged}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 Rorschach: }{\f0 a psychological test for revealing the underlying personality structure of an individual by the use of a series of 10 inkblot designs to which the subject responds by telling what image or emotion each design evokes. \emdash }{
\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rorschach:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0  a psychological test which uses a standard series of ten inkblot designs to which the subject responds by telling what image or emotion each design evokes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rorschach:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0  a psychological test which uses a standard series of ten inkblot designs to which the subject responds by telling what image or emotion each design evokes. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rorschach: }{\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0  a psychological test which uses a standard series of ten inkblot designs to which the subject responds by telling what image or emotion each design evokes. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rorschach:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (psychology)}{\f0  a test which uses a standard series
 of ten inkblot designs to which the subject responds by telling what image or emotion each design evokes. Named after Hermann Rorschach (1884-1922), Swiss psychiatrist, who devised it. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rorschach institute:}{\f0  reference to an institute, originally called \ldblquote Rorschach Research Exchange,\rdblquote 
 in St. Petersburg, Florida, founded in 1938. It promotes the study, research, development and application of personality assessment.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Rorschach}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Roscoe:}{\f0  a masculine proper name; used in this lecture in reference to a made-up person. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rose Bowl:}{\f0 
 a large stadium in Pasadena, California, which seats 89,093 people. The oldest and most famous of the bowl games (any of various football games played annually after the regular season between teams selected for their superior records) is played in this 
stadium on New Year's Day. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rose, come out at the other end smiling and smelling like a:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a variation of the expression }{\f0\ul come out smelling like a rose: }{\f0 to have extraordinarily good luck; emerge from peril with profit. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rosicrucian:}{\f0  a person in the 17th and 18th centuries who belonged to a secret society laying claim to various forms of occult knowledge and power and professing esoteric principles of religion. Rosicrucian societies still exist. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rosicrucianism:}{\f0  the pract
ices or principles of Rosicrucians: persons in the 17th and 18th centuries that belonged to a secret society laying claim to various forms of occult knowledge and power and professing esoteric principles of religion. Rosicrucian societies still exist. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rosicrucianist:}{\f0  a person who practices }{\f0\ul Rosicrucianism:}{\f0  the practices or principles of persons in the 17th and 18th centuries that belonged to a secret society laying claim to various forms of occult knowledge and power and pro
fessing esoteric principles of religion. Rosicrucian societies still exist. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rosicrucians: }{\f0  a secret society of the 17th and 18th centuries, laying claim to various forms of occult knowledge and power and professing esoteric principles of religion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rosicrucians:}{\f0  persons in the 17th and 18th centuries who belonged to a secret society laying claim to various forms of occult knowledge and power and professing esoteric principles of religion. Rosicrucian societies still exist. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ross:}{\f0  a Scientologist at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ross, Ronald:}{\f0  (1857 - 1932) British physician. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rostrum:}{\f0  any platform, stage, etc., for public speaking. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rostrum: }{\f0 any platform, stage, etc., for public speaking. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rotary:}{\f0  turning around a central point or axis, as a wheel; rotating. \emdash }{\f0\ul Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0  (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 rote:***}{\f0  in a mechanical manner; by routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 rote:}{\f0  of or pertaining to a fixed, mechanical way of doing something; routine. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rote, by:}{\f0  by memory alone, without understanding or thought. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rotgut University:}{\f0  a made-up name for a university. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rotogravure:}{\f0  process of printing from an engraved copper cylinder on which the pictures, letters, etc., have been engraved instead of raised; most often used for jobs such as magazines, packaging and Sunday supplements of newspapers. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Rotten Row:}{\f0  a horse-riding track in the fashionable section of Hyde Park in London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rotten Row:}{\f0  a horse-riding track in the fashionable section of Hyde Park in London, England. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Hyde Park }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rough:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (golf)}{\f0  any part of a golf course where grass, weeds, etc., are allowed to grow, uncut, forming a hazard or obstacle. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rough:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (golf)}{\f0  any part of a golf course where grass, weeds, etc., are allowed to grow, uncut, forming a hazard or obstacle. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul golf}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary
}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 rough draft:}{\f0  a draft or copy drawn up in preliminary form, which may be afterwards perfected. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 roughie:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a rough man. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 roughshod:}{\f0  (of horses) shod with horseshoes that have metal points to prevent slipping. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 rounced: }{\b\f0\ul (dialect) }{\f0 agitated, stirred; flounced about. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rounded (them) up: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 gathered, collected or assembled (them). \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roundheads:}{\f0  a term applied to the English Puritans who were adherents of the Parliamentary Party during the English Civil War (1642 - 1651) and after. They fought to overthrow the King of England, 
his supporters (the Royalists) and the Roman Catholic Church, which the Puritans were attempting to \ldblquote purify.\rdblquote 
 They were called Roundheads because they wore their hair cut short, while that of their opposition (the Royalists) was worn long, covering their shoulders.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul Puritan }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 round hole or square peg: }{\f0 make oneself fit a job, position or environment where he doesn't belong. Referring to the expression }{\f0\ul square peg in a round hole,}{\f0  which means \ldblquote a person
 who does not fit into a job or position; someone who does not belong where he is.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 round of roodles:}{\f0  a version of poker (a card game where players bet on the value of the cards in their hands, forming a pool to be taken by the winner). In a }{\f0\ul round of roodles}{\f0 
 every player must ante (put one's stake into the pool before receiving cards) and the limit is usually doubled making very high stakes for the winner. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 round (something) off:}{\f0  complete or perfect; finish. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 round (something) off:}{\f0  complete or perfect (something); finish (something). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0 
 unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 round the bend:}{\f0  insane; crazy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 round up:}{\f0  drive together, collect or gather. From the act of driving cattle, etc., together on the range (large, open area of land for grazing livestock) and collecting them in a herd, as for branding, inspection or shipping. }{\f0\ul  
\emdash NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rousseau, Jean Jacques:}{\f0  (1712 - 78) Swiss-born French philosopher, author, political theorist and composer, who argued that nature is good and civilization bad. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Route 1-4:}{\f0  one of the Scientology processes of Route 1 employed on a preclear using the command }{\f0\ul \ldblquote Be three feet back of your head.\rdblquote  }{\f0 For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul 
The Creation of Human Ability. \emdash 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Route 1:}{\f0  a series of advanced processes, run only after the person has been exteriorized and designed to reacquaint the thetan with the physical universe and improve his perceptions and abilities. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 
process, thetan }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 exteriorization }{\f0 in this glossary. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Route 1:}{\f0  a series of Scientology processes employed on a preclear who can comply with the auditing command }{\f0\ul \ldblquote Be three feet back of your head,\rdblquote }{\f0  with no noticeable communication lag. For further 
information, see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul communication lag}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Route 1:}{\f0 *** a series of Scientology processes employed on a preclear who can comply with the auditing command }{\f0\ul \ldblquote Be three feet back of your head,\rdblquote }{\f0 
 with no noticeable communication lag. For further imformation, see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Route 2:}{\f0  a series of Scientology processes given to a person who has not been exteriorized to get the person to the point where he can exteriorize. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Route 1}{\f0 
 in this glossary. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 route march:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (military) }{\f0 a march in which a unit retains its column formation but individuals are allowed to break step and without requiring keeping silence. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 1:}{\f0  a routine developed in 1961, consisting of CCHs and a Joburg Security Check. For further data on this routine, see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul 
Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 1:}{\f0 *** a routine developed in 1961, consisting of CCHs and a Joburg Security Check. For further data on this routine, see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul Joburg}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 CCH}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 1:}{\f0  a routine developed in 1961, consisting of CCHs and Joburg Security Checks. For further data on this routine, see HCOB 5 June 61 in the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 1C:}{\f0 *** a Scientology process where an auditor, using a list of questions, got the preclear to talk to get in the itsa line (the pc's communication line to the auditor). It was done without the use of an E-Meter.}{\f0\ul  See also }{
\b\f0\ul itsa}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 2:}{\f0  a procedure consisting of the assessing and running of the Prehav Scale, Joburg Security Check and the Havingness and Confront Processes, all run in Model Session. For further information see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Prehav Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 2:}{\f0 *** a procedure consisting of the assessing and running of the Prehav Scale, Joburg Security Check and the Havingness and Confront Processes, all run in Model Session. For further information see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Prehav Scale, Havingness and Confront Process}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Joburg}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990

\par }{\b\f0 Routine 3:}{\f0  (1961) a procedure consisting of assessment and running on SOP Goals, giving a Joburg Security Check and use of the pc's Havingness and Confront processes. For further information see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul SOP Goals}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary}{\f0  (approved 30-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 3:}{\f0 *** a procedure consisting of assessment and running on SOP Goals, giving a Joburg Security Check and use of the pc's Havingness and Confront Processes. For further information see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul SOP Goals, Havingness and Confront Process}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Joburg}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990

\par }{\b\f0 Routine 3:}{\f0  a procedure consisting of assessment and running on SOP Goals (short for }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tandard }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 perating }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 rocedure G
oals, a procedure developed by L. Ron Hubbard in early 1961 for processing goals using the Prehavingness Scale), giving a Joburg Security Check (a Confessional list in Scientology called the \ldblquote Joburg\rdblquote 
 because it was developed in Johannesburg, South Africa) and use of the pc's Havingness and Confront Processes (processes which utilize a Havingness command and a Confront command). For further information see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Prehav Scale }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 3:}{\f0  a procedure consisting of assessment and running on SOP Goals, (short for }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tandard }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 perating }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 
rocedure Goals, a procedure for processing goals using the Prehavingness Scale) giving a Joburg Security Check and use of the pc's Havingness and Confront Processes. For further information see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 3:}{\f0  a procedure consisting of assessment and running on SOP Goals (}{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tandard }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 perating }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 
rocedure Goals, a procedure developed by L. Ron Hubbard in early 1961 for processing goals using the Prehavingness Scale), giving a Joburg Security Check and use of the pc's Havingness and Confront Processes. For further information see HCOB 5 June 1961 i
n the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 3GA:}{\f0  one of a series of processes to audit GPMs. (Called Routine 3GA as that was the research number LRH assigned to it when he was researching it out.) \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 3N:}{\f0  one of a series of processes developed to audit goals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Routine 3 process:}{\f0  one of various processes developed by L. Ron Hubbard as part of his research into Clearing. They were designed to locate and handle aberrated goals of the preclear. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 Rover:}{\f0  a familiar name for a dog. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rover:}{\f0  a familiar name for a dog. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #1, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rover:}{\f0  a familiar name for a dog. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Rover:}{\f0  a familiar name for a dog. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 row:}{\f0  a noisy quarrel, dispute or disturbance; squabble, brawl or commotion. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rowan:}{\f0  Lieutenant Andrew Summers Rowan (1857 - 1943), about whom a tale (A Message to Garcia) was written by Elbert Hubbard in 1899. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Elbert, Uncle }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rowling:}{\f0  heaving, surging, swelling, flowing strongly and steadily onwards. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 row-rows:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  makes or takes part in a noisy quarrel or disturbance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rows: }{\f0 noisy quarrels, disputes or disturbances; squabbles, brawls or commotions. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 row to hoe, tough:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  a difficult time, job or situation. A variation of }{\f0\ul hard row to hoe.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Air Force:}{\f0  the British air force. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Automobile Club:}{\f0 
 an organization located in London, England, first formed in the early 1900s in the interest of bicyclists and later, automobile owners. It sponsors motor races and tours, operates services for motorists who need assistance and provides motoring informati
on. It also deals with car designs and road regulations for the safety of drivers. Its membership is open to any car owner. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Empire Society:}{\f0  a London club, estab
lished in 1868, with the stated aims to promote, increase and spread knowledge of the peoples of the Commonwealth (a group of independent nations, including the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, India, etc., joined together under the British monarch). It
s name was changed in 1958 to the Royal Commonwealth Society. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Festival Hall:}{\f0  a concert hall in London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Festival Hall:}{\f0  a concert hall in London, England. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 royalists:}{\f0  people who support a monarch or a monarchy; especially in times of revolution, civil war, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 royalists:}{\f0  people who support a monarch or a monarchy; especially in times of revolution, civil war, etc. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 royally:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 extremely or persistently; unmitigatedly. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Royal Medical College of Physicians:}{\f0  Royal College of Physicians of London, a professional organization founded in
 1518 and having continuous existence since that date. After examination, the college issues a diploma that, upon registration, allows a person to practice medicine in the United Kingdom. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Navy:}{\f0  the British Navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Navy:}{\f0  the British Navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Navy:}{\f0  the British navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Navy:}{\f0  the British navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Navy:}{\f0  the British navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Navy:}{\f0  the British navy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Northwest Mounted:}{\f0  Royal Northwest Mounted Police, organized in 1873 to bring law and order to the Canadian far west and especially to prevent Indian disorders. It is now known as the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
Man: Good or Evil.}{\f0  Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Northwest Mounted Police:}{\f0  a constabulary (a police force organized like an army) organized in 1873 as the Northwest Mounted Police to bring law
 and order to the Canadian Far West and especially to prevent Indian disorders. In 1904 the name was changed to the Royal Northwest Mounted Police and in 1920 to its present title, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Northwest Mounted Police:}{\f0 
 a police force organized in 1873 as the Northwest Mounted Police to bring law and order to the Canadian Far West and especially to prevent Indian disorders. In 1904 the name was changed to the Royal Northwest Mounted Police and in 1920 t
o its present title, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Northwest Mounted Police:}{\f0 
 a police force organized in 1873 as the Northwest Mounted Police to bring law and order to the Canadian Far West and especially to prevent Indian disorders. In 1904 the name was changed to the Royal Northwest Mounted Police and in 1920 to its present tit
le, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. The members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police are also known as Mounties. In the 1930s, the phrase \ldblquote The Mounties always get their man,\rdblquote 
 originated through the cinema because of the excellent record that the Royal Canadian Mounted Police have in capturing criminals. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Northwest Mounted Police:}{\f0 
 a police force organized in 1873 as the Northwest Mounted Police to bring law and order to the Canadian Far West and especially to prevent Indian disorders. In 1904 the name was changed to the Royal Northwest Mounted Police and in 1920 to its present tit
le, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. The members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police are also known as Mounties. In the 1930s, the phrase \ldblquote The Mounties always get their man,\rdblquote 
 originated through the cinema because of the excellent record that the Royal Canadian Mounted Police have in capturing criminals. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Northwest Mounted Policeman:}{\f0  a member of the police force organized in 1873 as the Northwest Mounted Police to bring law and order to the Canadian far wes
t and especially to prevent Indian disorders. In 1904 the name was changed to the Royal Northwest Mounted Police and in 1920 to its present title, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Order of Coconut:}{\f0  a made-up name for a group. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 royal road: }{\f0 an easy way of reaching an objective. From a saying by Euclid (ca. 300 b.c., an ancient mathematician and founder of geometry), \ldblquote There is no royal road to geometry.\rdblquote . \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Royal Scandinavian Brotherhood of the I-Will-Arise:}{\f0  a made-up name for a society. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Roycroft:}{\f0  reference to Roycroft Press, a shop founded (1895) by Elbert Hubbard. The shop was named after seventeenth-century English printer Thomas Roycroft (printer of Oriental languages). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Elbert, Uncle }{\f0 
in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RPM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 evolutions }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 er }{\f0\ul m}{\f0 inute, referring to the speed of an engine. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 rpm:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 evolutions }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 er }{\f0\ul m}{\f0 inute. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RR:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 ocket }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 ead, an E-Meter read which takes off with a very fast spurt and does a rapid decay, like a bullet fired into water. See the book}{\b\f0  }{\b\f0\ul E-Meter Essentials}{\f0 
 for more information. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 R/S:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 ock }{\f0\ul s}{\f0 
lam; the crazy, irregular, left - right slashing motion of the needle on the E-Meter dial. It goes from one inch to whole dial, but it slams back and forth. It indicates an underlying evil purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 (r six bank) R6 bank:}{\f0  the reactive mind.}{\f0\ul  R6 }{\f0 is short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6, }{\f0 a clearing process which was taught at Level VI on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul reactive mind }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six bank) R6 bank:}{\f0  the reactive mind.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul R6 }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six ew) R6EW:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 outine }{\f0\ul 6 E}{\f0 nd }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 ords, the name of a clearing process dealing with end words (words that come on the end of each of a series of goals. For example, in the goal 
\ldblquote to catch catfish,\rdblquote  \ldblquote catfish\rdblquote  is the end word). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six e w) R6EW:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6 End Words, }{\f0 a process at dealing with end words (words that come on the end of each of a series of goals. For example, in the goal \ldblquote to catch catfish,\rdblquote  \ldblquote catfish
\rdblquote  is the end word). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul R6 }{\f0 in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six ews) R6EW S:}{\f0  an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 outine }{\f0\ul 6 E}{\f0 nd }{\f0\ul W}{\f0 ords }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ixes, the name of a clearing process. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul R6EW }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six) R6:}{\f0  Routine 6, a clearing process taught at Level VI at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six) R6:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul R6 bank}{\f0  (the reactive mind). }{\f0\ul R6 (Routine 6),}{\f0  is a clearing process addressing GPMs which was taught at Level VI on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics (30 March 1972)
\par }{\b\f0\ul (r six) R6:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6,}{\f0  a clearing process addressing GPMs which was taught at Level VI on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul GPM}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six) R6:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6}{\f0 , a clearing process taught at at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Saint Hill }{\f0 in this glossary.    \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six) R6: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6}{\f0 , a clearing process taught at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul clearing, process }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six) R6:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6}{\f0 , a clearing process taught at Saint Hill at the time of the lecture. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Saint Hill }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 process }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 (r six) R6 bank:}{\f0  the reactive mind.}{\f0\ul  R6 }{\f0 is short for }{\f0\ul Routine 6, }{\f0 a clearing process addressing GPMs which was taught at Level VI on the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul reactive mind }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 GPM}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 RSM:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\b\f0\ul Royal Scotsman,}{\f0  previous name of }{\f0\ul Apollo,}{\f0  flagship of the Sea Org. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Apollos}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RSPA:}{\f0  abbreviation for the }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 oyal }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 ociety for the }{\f0\ul P}{\f0 revention of }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ccidents, an organization founded in England in 1916 that promotes safety and education in accident prevention. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 R.S.V.P.:}{\b\f0\ul  (French) }{\f0 abbreviation for }{\f0\ul r}{\f0 \'e9pondez }{\f0\ul s}{\f0 'il }{\f0\ul v}{\f0 ous }{\f0\ul p}{\f0 la\'eet: please reply. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 RT-3:}{\f0  a mispronunciation of \ldblquote OT-3.\rdblquote  }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  OT-3}{\f0  in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 (r three m) R3M:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3M,}{\f0  a procedure developed in 1963, for auditing the pc's own goals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r three m two) R3M2:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3M2,}{\f0  a Scientology clearing technique in which goals and reliable items (RIs) are found and GPMs are discharged. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul goals, GPM}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 RI}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r three n) R3N:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3N,}{\f0  one of a series of processes developed to audit goals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r three n) R3N:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3N,}{\f0  one of a series of processes developed to audit goals. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 (r three r) R3R:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3 Revised, Engram Running by Chains,}{\f0 
 a process developed by LRH in 1963 for the running of engrams. With the introduction of New Era Dianetics in 1978 the R3R procedure was further refined and became R3RA. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 (r three r) R3R:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3 Revised, Engram Running by Chains,}{\f0 
 a process developed by LRH in 1963 for the running of engrams. With the introduction of New Era Dianetics in 1978 the R3R procedure was further refined and became R3RA. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r three r) R3R:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3 Revised, Engram Running by Chains,}{\f0  a process developed by LRH in 1963 for the running of engrams. With the introduction of New Era Dianetics in 1978 the R3R 
procedure was further refined and became R3RA. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Expanded Dianetics and Word Clearing (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r three r) R3R assessment\'d1preliminary step:}{\f0 
 a preliminary step of R3R done to assure that the correct incident chain is run on the pc which will (a) improve the case, (b) hold the pc's interest, (c) be within the pc's current ability to handle. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul R3R}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r three sc) \'d1R3SC:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3, Service Facsimile Clear, }{\f0 a process for handling service facsimiles. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 service facsimile}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r three t) R3T:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 3T, }{\f0 a process for handling hidden standards, where the auditor simply asks the pc for his chronic psychosomatic, dates it, and lets him get the itsa line in on it. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r two c) R2C:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2C: }{\f0 a Scientology process of discussion by lists. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul list }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 (r two c) R2C: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2C, }{\f0 a process designed to strip away solutions, decisions and so-called stable data off the case. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r two fifteen) R2-15:}{\f0  a reference to R1-15, the last process of Route 1. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability. \emdash 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 (r two forty) R2-40:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2-40: Conceiving a Static,}{\f0  one of a number of processes of Route 2, in which the command \ldblquote Conceive a thetan\rdblquote  is repeated over and over. For further information,
 see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul R2}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 static}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 (r two h) R2H:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2-H,}{\f0  a very precise procedure developed in 1963 for disposing of ARC breaks. The full procedure of Routine 2-H may be found in HCOB 25 June 1963 in the }{\f0\ul 
Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r two) R2:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul R}{\f0 oute }{\f0\ul 2. See }{\b\f0\ul Route 2 }{\f0 in this glossary.}{\f0\ul  It's one of the R2's in }{\f0 The Creation of Human Ability. }{\f0\ul \'d1
Havingness and Communication Formulas (23 Dec. 54)}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 (r two) R2:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Route 2,}{\f0  a series of Scientology processes employed on a preclear who demonstrated any noticeable comm lag with ARC Straightwire. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 preclear, comm lag}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 
ARC Straightwire}{\f0  in this glossary. For further information, see the book }{\f0\ul The Creation of Human Ability.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 (r two) R2:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2,}{\f0  a procedure consisting of the asses
sing and running of the Prehav Scale, Joburg Security Check and the Havingness and Confront Processes, all run in Model Session. For further information see HCOB 5 June 1961 in the }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins of Dianetics and Scientology.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Prehav Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 (r two twelve) R2-12:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Routine 2-12,}{\f0  a method of discharging the influence of a rock slamming item. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rubber:}{\f0  a low overshoe (an article of footwear worn over shoes as protection from water, snow or cold) made of rubber. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubber:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  automobile tires. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubber burning:}{\f0 *** starting so fast that the tires of a car (made of rubber) leave a mark on the road. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rubber burning, smell the:}{\f0  a reference to the smell of smoke caused by abrupt and forceful application of the brakes (made of rubber) on the wheels of a fast-moving vehicle. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubber burning, smell the:}{\f0  notice the evidence of rapidly starting up or bringing to a stop. From the phrase }{\f0\ul burn rubber, }{\f0 
meaning starting up a car or motorcycle from a dead stop so fast that the tires (made of rubber) leave a mark on the road, and can give off a smell of burning rubber due to the heat generated). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rubber hoses:}{\f0  hoses made of rubber, often used for beating people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rubber hoses:}{\f0  hoses made of rubber, sometimes used for beating people. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubbers:}{\f0  low overshoes made of rubber.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubbers:}{\f0  low overshoes made of rubber. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 rubber, smell the:}{\f0  a reference to the smell of smoke caused by abrupt and forceful application of the brakes (made of rubber) on the wheels of a fast-moving vehicle. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{
\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rubber smoking, smell the:}{\f0  a reference to the smell of smoke caused by abrupt and forceful application of the brakes (made of rubber) on the wheels of a fast-moving vehicle. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubber-stamp:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  of or pertaining to a person, bureau, legislature, etc., that approves or endorses something in a routine manner, without thought. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Organizational Structure}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91

\par }{\b\f0 rubbing alcohol:}{\f0  a solution of denatured alcohol used in massaging or as an antiseptic. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul alcohol}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 denatured}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0 
 (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 rubbing elbows:}{\f0  associating or mingling with. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubbing elbows with:}{\f0  associating or mingling with. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubbing it in:}{\f0  emphasizing or reminding a person constantly of an unpleasant fact. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rubbing (something) in:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  reminding a person again and again of an error or shortcoming; teasing; nagging. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rube Goldbergian:}{\f0  like the cartoon mechanical devices of absurdly unnecessary complexity drawn by Rube Goldberg (1883 - 1970), American cartoonist. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rube Goldberg's machinery:}{\f0  cartoon mechanical devices of absurdly unnecessary complexity drawn by Rube Goldberg (1883 - 1970), American cartoonist. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 Rubens:}{\f0  Peter Paul Rubens (1577 - 16
40), diplomat, scholar and the most famous Flemish painter of his time. He painted historical and religious scenes, landscapes and portraits of kings, statesmen, friends and family members. Rubens' pictures are full of action and crowded with figures. He 
is especially noted for his brilliant coloring. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rubens:}{\f0  Peter Paul Rubens (1577 - 1640), diplomat, scholar and the most famous Flemish painter of his time. He painted historical and religious scenes, landscapes and portrai
ts of kings, statesmen, friends and family members. Rubens' pictures are full of action and crowded with figures. He is especially noted for his brilliant coloring. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Rubicon:}{\f0  the name of an ancient river in central Italy. Used here as a made-up name for an artist. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruble: }{\f0 monetary unit of the USSR. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Power of Choice and Self-Determinism Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 17/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 rub (one) out: }{\b\f0\ul (US slang) }{\f0 murder (one). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rub (one) the wrong way:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 make (one) a little angry; do something not liked by (one); annoy; bother. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruckus:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  a noisy confusion; uproar; row; disturbance. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 ruckus:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 a noisy confusion; uproar; row; disturbance. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rudder:}{\f0 
 a vertical blade at the stern of a vessel that can be turned horizontally to change the vessel's direction when in motion. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rudder, right standard:}{\f0 
 a command to direct the rudder to the right according to a pre-set standard as determined by the officer in command. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rudder, right standard:}{\f0 
 a command to direct the rudder to the right according to a preset standard as determined by the officer in command. In order for the officer of the deck to know that his order has been correctly received, the steersman must always repeat, word for word, 
any command received. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul officer of the deck }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #5, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy: }{\b\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Hold the Form of the Org, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\b\f0\ul  (British slang)}{\f0  damned.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy: }{\b\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy: }{\b\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0\ul  (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 17}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy: }{\b\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy: }{\b\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy: }{\b\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British slang)}{\f0  damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy bar:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy-faced: }{\f0\ul (British) }{\f0 blushed; red faced.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul ruddy-faced: }{\f0\ul (British) }{\f0 blushing; red faced. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0 *** a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rod:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rods:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rods:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy rods:}{\f0  a made-up term. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruddy well:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  certainly or without doubt; emphatically. A variation of }{\f0\ul damn well.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rudimagoojits:}{\f0 *** a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rudimagoojits:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:***}{\f0  (1) those steps or actions used to get the pc in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the pc must be \ldblquote in session\rdblquote 
 which means: [1] willing to talk to the auditor, [2] interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. (2) short for }{\f0\ul Org Rudiments }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul Rudiments of an org,}{\f0 
 the steps or actions used to get the org in shape administratively and technically. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0 
 the first principles, elements or fundamentals, as of a subject to be learned. In auditing, rudiments are those steps or actions used to get the preclear in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the preclear must be 
\ldblquote in-session\rdblquote  which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the pc in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the pc must be \ldblquote in session\rdblquote 
 which means: [1] willing to talk to the auditor, [2] interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the pc in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the pc must be \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul Your Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 4.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the pc in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the pc must be \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote  which means: [1] willing to talk to the auditor,
 [2] interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the preclear in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the preclear must be \ldblquote in session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the preclear in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the preclear must be \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the preclear in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the preclear must be \ldblquote in session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the preclear in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the preclear must be \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul case }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul How to Manage a Course}{\f0  Approved 6.3.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the preclear in shape to be 
audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the preclear must be \ldblquote in session\rdblquote  which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0 
*** those steps or actions used to get the preclear in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the preclear must be \ldblquote in session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rudiments:}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the preclear in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the preclear must be \ldblquote in-session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ruds:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul rudiments,}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the pc in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the pc must be \ldblquote in session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 ruds:***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul rudiments.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul rudiments}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 ruds:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul rudiments,}{\f0  those steps or actions used to get the pc in shape to be audited in that session. For auditing to take place at all the pc must be \ldblquote in session\rdblquote 
 which means: (1) willing to talk to the auditor, (2) interested in own case. Rudiments are actions done to accomplish this. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Rue Morgue murders:}{\f0  reference to }{\f0\ul The Murders of the Rue Morgue:}{\f0 
 the story written by Edgar Alan Poe in 1841 of a mother and daughter who are brutally murdered in a crime that baffles the police. Poe's amateur detective, C. Auguste Dupin, solves the mystery. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 ruff:}{\f0  a ring of feathers or fur standing out about the neck of a bird or animal. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruffles:}{\f0  strips of lace or other fine material, gathered on one edge and used as an ornamental frill on a garment, especially at the wrist, breast or neck. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{
\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruffles:}{\f0  strips of lace or other fine material, gathered on one edge and used as an ornamental frill on a garment, especially at the wrist, breast or neck. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0\ul Ruggles of Red Gap:}{\f0  a humorous novel written by Harry Leon Wilson and published in 1915. It is about a British butler who is exported to a western pioneer town. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rug out from underneath, pulling the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  removing the support of (a theory, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rug out from underneath, pull the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  remove the support of (a theory, etc.). Used figuratively. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - F/Ning Staff Members, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rug out from underneath them, pull somebody's:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  remove the support of somebody's theory, idea, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rug out, pulled the:}{\f0  ceased to give important support or help (to someone or something), especially without giving any warning. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rug out, pull the:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  remove the support (of a theory, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rug right out from underneath, cut the:}{\f0  cease to give important support or help to (someone or something), especially without giving any warning. A variation of }{\f0\ul pull the rug out from under.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ruled out:}{\f0  excluded by decision. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rule (it) out:}{\f0 *** exclude (it) by decision. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 rule of thumb:}{\f0  general or approximate principle, procedure or rule based on experience or practice as opposed to a specific, scientific calculation or estimate. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th AC
C Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Second Edition Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0\ul rule of thumb:}{\f0  general or approximate principle, procedure or rule based on experience or practice as opposed to a specific, scientific calculation or estimate. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul rule of thumb:}{\f0  general or approximate principle, procedure or rule based on experience or practice as opposed to a specific, scientific calculation or estimate. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)

\par }{\b\f0 rules of thumb:}{\f0 *** general or approximate principles, procedures or rules based on experience or practice as opposed to specific, scientific calculations or estimates. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990

\par }{\b\f0 ruleth:}{\f0  a humorous variation of the word \ldblquote rule,\rdblquote  adding }{\f0\ul -eth}{\f0  which is an archaic ending for a word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rum:}{\f0  an alcoholic liquor distilled from fermented sugar cane, molasses, etc., or an alcoholic liquor in general. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Rumfkusus, Professor:}{\f0  a made-up name for a professor. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rum nog:}{\f0  an eggnog drink (a thick drink made of beaten eggs, milk, sugar and nutmeg) containing rum. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rumormonger:}{\f0  a person who spreads rumors, often maliciously. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rumormonger:}{\f0  a person who spreads rumors, often maliciously. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 rumrunners:}{\f0 *** persons, ships, etc., engaged in smuggling alcoholic liquor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  (1) perform the steps of (a process). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process }{\f0 in this glossary. (2) a performance of the steps of processing. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  administer processing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  a performance of the steps of a process. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  a performance of the steps of processing. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0\ul (Ch. 7)}{\f0  an act or instance or period of moving rapidly. }{\f0\ul (Ch. 16)}{\f0  the typical, ordinary or average kind. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  go, move, etc., easily and freely, without hindrance. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  perform the steps of a process on. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  perform the steps of auditing on. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  perform the steps of (processing). \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 run: }{\f0 perform the steps of processing on. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  perform the steps of processing on. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run: }{\f0 perform the steps of processing on. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 run:}{\f0  perform the steps of (processing). \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0  (approved 25-9-90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 run:***}{\f0  perform the steps of (processing). \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990

\par }{\b\f0 run:}{\f0  undergo processing on. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 run amok:}{\f0  rush about in a frenzy; lose control of oneself and behave outrageously or violently. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World 3rd Edition}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Runavedic: }{\f0 a made-up word for a type of people. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 rundown:}{\f0  a series of actions or steps designed to handle a specific aspect of a case and having a known end phenomena. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 rundown:}{\f0  outline (of a series of actions). \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 run down:}{\f0  trace to its cause or beginning. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 run down:}{\f0  trace to its cause or beginning. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 run down:}{\f0  trace to its cause or beginning. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rung:}{\f0  a crosspiece set between the legs of a chair or as part of the back or arm of a chair. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 run, in the long:}{\f0  finally; after everything has been considered. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run, in the long:}{\f0  finally; after everything has been considered. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  administering or undergoing a process or auditing action. \emdash }{\f0\ul APA Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  administering processing. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  performing the steps of (a process). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  performing the steps of auditing on. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  performing the steps of (processing). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  performing the steps of (processing). \emdash }{\f0\ul FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  performing the steps of processing on. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  performing the steps of processing on. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  performing the steps of (processing). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul running:}{\f0  performing the steps of (processing). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  undergoing auditing on. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  undergoing processing on.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 running:}{\f0  undergoing processing. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running fire:}{\f0  a rapid succession, as of remarks, questions, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running fire:}{\f0  rapid succession, as of remarks, questions, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running fire:}{\f0  rapid, uninterrupted and continuous record. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - The Org Off and His Resources, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul running out:}{\f0  causing (through auditing) something in the reactive mind to vanish entirely, at which time it is filed as memory and experience. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul auditing }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 running out:}{\f0  erasing by the use of processing. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul erase}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 running out:}{\f0  erasing.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 running out:}{\f0  processing and causing (something in the reactive mind) to vanish entirely (at which time it is filed as memory and experience). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running out of (his) ears:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  to an extreme amount; more than (he) was likely to have required. Variation (and more extreme version) of }{\f0\ul up to the ears.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 running out of (his) ears:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  to an extreme amount; more than (he) was likely to have required. Variation (and more extreme version) of }{\f0\ul up to the ears.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 running, out of the: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 out of the competition; having no chance to win. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running (running guns): }{\f0 smuggling. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 running (something) out:}{\f0  erasing (something); causing (something) to disappear. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 running (them) down:}{\f0  searching out the source of (them). \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Handling the PTS}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 run-of-the-mill:}{\f0  average or ordinary or taken as a matter of course.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #16, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 run-of-the-mill:}{\f0  average or ordinary or taken as a matter of course.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #16, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 run-of-the-mill: }{\f0 of a common kind; usual. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 run-of-the-mill:}{\f0 *** of a common kind; usual. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 run-of-the-mill:}{\f0  of a common kind; usual. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run, on the:}{\f0  going away from a fight; in retreat; retreating. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run, on the:}{\f0  in hiding, as a fugitive. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run out:}{\f0  cause (through processing) something in the reactive mind to vanish entirely, at which time it is filed as memory and experience. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reactive bank}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 run out:}{\f0  cause (through processing) something in the reactive mind to vanish entirely, at which time it is filed as memory and experience. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 run out:}{\f0  erased. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul erase }{\f0 in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 run-outable:}{\f0  erasable; able to cause to disappear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul erase}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 runs:}{\f0  undergoes a process or auditing action. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 run (someone) down:}{\f0  speak of (someone) with disapproval. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run (something) out:}{\f0  process and cause (something in the reactive mind) to vanish entirely (at which time it is filed as memory and experience). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul processing }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul run (something) out:}{\f0  process and cause (something in the reactive mind) to vanish entirely (at which time it is filed as memory and experience). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul process}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 runs out:}{\f0  erases; causes to disappear. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 runt:}{\f0  a made-up word for a kind of money. }{\f0\ul Runt }{\f0 means anything undersized. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run up:}{\f0  amass; incur. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 run up:}{\f0  let (bills, debts, etc.) accumulate. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 run up against:}{\f0  come in opposition to or be in competition with. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 run up against:}{\f0  come in opposition to or be in competition with. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul Rupf:}{\f0  a made-up name for a place. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rusk:}{\f0  David Dean Rusk (1909 -  ) American statesman; president of the Rockefeller Foundation (1952 - 1960), US secretary of state (1961 - 1969) under Presidents Kennedy and Johnson. He took a leading role in negotiating for the nuclea
r test ban treaty (1963) but was a prominent advocate of the Vietnam war (1954 - 1975). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ruskian:}{\f0  belonging to (David) Dean Rusk (1909 -  ), US statesman; US Secretary of States 1961 - 1969. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Ruskian:}{\f0  belonging to David Dean Rusk. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Rusk}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ruskovitches:}{\f0  a humorous made-up word meaning \ldblquote Russians.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Russell, Bertrand:}{\f0  (1872 - 1970) English philosopher, mathematician and social reformer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Russell, Charles M.:}{\f0  (1864 - 1926) one of the greatest and most popular painters of the American West. He earned his living as a trapper and cowboy, and later in life translated his passion for adventure and American wildlife onto canvas. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 Russell, Charlie:}{\f0  Charles M. Russell (1864 - 1926), one of the greatest and most popular painters of the American West. H
e earned his living as a trapper and cowboy, and later in life translated his passion for adventure and American wildlife onto canvas. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Russell, Charlie:}{\f0 
 Charles M. Russell (1864 - 1926), one of the greatest and most popular painters of the American West. He earned his living as a trapper and cowboy, and later in life translated his passion for adventure and American wildlife onto canvas. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Russian never went, like the: }{\f0 an allusion to Russian cosmonaut Yury Gagarin who, on 12 April 1961 (several months before the lecture) became the first man to orbit the earth. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Russian never went, like the:}{\f0  an allusion to Russian cosmonaut Yury Gagarin who, on 12 April 1961 (several months before the lecture) became the first man to orbit the earth. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Russian never went, like the:}{\f0 *** an allusion to Russian cosmonaut Yury Gagarin who, on 12 April 1961 (several months before the lecture) became the first man to orbit the earth. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Russian Pentagon Building:}{\f0  a made-up name. In the United States, \ldblquote the Pentagon\rdblquote  is the five-sided building in Arlington, Virginia, in which the offices of the US Department of Defense are located. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Russian Revolution:}{\f0  a revolution in Russia (1917 - 1918), also called the October Revolution, that overthrew the czar and brought the Bolsheviks, a communist party, to power. The revolution was encouraged by Russian setbacks in World War I. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Russian Revolution:}{\f0  a revolution in Russia (1917 - 1918), also called the October Revolution, that overthrew the czar and brought the Bolsheviks, a Communist Party, to power. The revolution was encouraged by Russian setbacks in World War I. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Russians, map shot by the:}{\f0  reference to the first successful photographs of the far side of the moon which were taken by a Russian satellite in October, 1959. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Russian year:}{\f0  a reference to 1961 being the year when the Russians made major advances in science, technology and space travel. For example they were the first to launch a man into outerspace (ahead of the Americans). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Russki:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 Russian. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Russki:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang) }{\f0 Russian. A reference to Vladimir I. Lenin (1870 - 1924), Russian communist leader. He was an agitator for socialism. During World War I he urged socialists
 in all countries to rise against their own governments, and he assumed leadership of the Russian Revolution in 1917. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Russki:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  Russian. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 rust:}{\f0  a fungus which causes any of several diseases of plants, characterized by reddish, brownish or black blisterlike swellings on the leaves, stems, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 

\par }{\b\f0 rustler:}{\f0  a person who steals livestock, especially cattle. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rut: }{\f0 a fixed or established mode of procedure or course of life, usually dull or unpromising. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary, }{\f0 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 rut: }{\f0 a fixed or established mode of procedure or course of life, usually dull or unpromising.\emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Rutgers University:}{\f0 
 the State University of New Jersey. The university also has a research foundation engaged in scientific investigation. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Ruth, Babe: }{\f0 George Herman (Babe) Ruth (1895 - 1948), American professional b
aseball player known for hitting home runs. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rut hole:}{\f0  a deep track made by wheels in soft ground. Used figuratively in the lecture. \'d1}{\f0\ul Oxford American Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 rutnik:}{\f0  a made-up word rhyming with }{\f0\ul sputnik. \emdash 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 ruts:}{\f0  fixed, routine procedures or courses of action, thought, etc., especially those regarded as dull and unrewarding. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 rye:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul ryegrass: }{\f0 a type of grass grown for lawns or as forage (food for animals such as horses, cows, sheep, etc.) \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 rye:}{\f0  whiskey made from rye, a hardy annual cereal grass grown in cold regions as a cover and forage crop and for its grain. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Rylah and Rylah:}{\f0  a contrived name in derisive reference to a law firm of Melbourne solicitors used by the Church of Scientology at the time of this lecture. Neither of their names were Rylah. }{\f0\ul H.J. Rylah }{\f0 
was actually the name of the attorney general in Victoria who was involved in an attack against Scientology. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }}