{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff10\deflang1031\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f192\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f193\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f195\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f196\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f197\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f198\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f199\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f10\fs20\lang1033\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1031 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info
{\title U}{\author Ergon Copeland}{\operator AG}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min4}{\revtim\yr2004\mo6\dy8\hr17\min48}{\version3}{\edmins0}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords9812}{\nofchars55934}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws68690}{\vern8249}}
\margl1080\margr864\margt1417\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\makebackup\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale200\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li806\ri763\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\faauto\adjustright\rin763\lin806\itap0 \f10\fs20\lang1033\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1031 {
\par }{\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li806\ri763\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\faauto\adjustright\rin763\lin806\itap0 {\b\f0\ul U
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 U-2:}{\f0  a high-altitude, high-performance, photo-reconnaissance spy plane. The }{\f0\ul U}{\f0  stands for }{\f0\ul utility,}{\f0  assigned originally to disguise the fact that these were spy planes, and }{\f0\ul 2 }{\f0 
is the model number. In May 1960, an American U-2 was shot down over Russia. At first, the American government claimed that this plane was a weather observation plane that had drifted over Russia but later admitted that the plane shot down had actually be
en a spy plane. It was later revealed that the flight was part of a top-secret program of photographic espionage which had been going on for four years. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 U-2 plane:}{\f0  a high-altitude, high-performance, photo-reconnaissance spy plane. The }{\f0\ul U}{\f0  stands for }{\f0\ul utility,}{\f0  assigned originally to disguise the fact that these were spy planes, and }{\f0\ul 2 }{\f0 
is the model number. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 U-235:}{\f0  a form of uranium having a mass number (number expressing atomic weight) of 235. It makes up about 0.7 percent of all naturally occurring uranium. It is a source of atomic energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 Ubangi:}{\f0  the }{\f0\ul Ubangi River:}{\f0  a large river in central Africa. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ubconscious reconscious:}{\f0  made-up terms for imaginary aspects of the mind; humorous alteration of the psychiatric terms \'93conscious,\'94 \'93subconscious,\'94 \'93unconscious,\'94 etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UCLA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 niversity of }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 alifornia at }{\f0\ul L}{\f0 os }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 ngeles, one of the campuses of the University of California. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\b\f0 undulated:}{\f0  moved with a wavelike motion, as with a smooth rising-and-falling or side-to-side movement. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 UCLA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 niversity of }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 alifornia at }{\f0\ul L}{\f0 os }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
ngeles, one of the eight campuses of the University of California. UCLA is comprised of colleges of Letters and Science, Engineering, Applied Arts and Agriculture, and schools of Business Administration, Education, Pharmacy, Law, Medicine, Nursing, Public
 Health and Social Welfare. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UCLA:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 niversity of }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 alifornia at }{\f0\ul L}{\f0 os }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 
ngeles, one of the eight campuses of the University of California. UCLA is comprised of colleges of Letters and Science, Engineering, Appl
ied Arts and Agriculture, and schools of Business Administration, Education, Pharmacy, Law, Medicine, Nursing, Public Health and Social Welfare.}{\f0\ul  \emdash Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ug:}{\f0  a made-up name for a person. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Ug:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ugbugs:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Ugbugs:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ugbugs:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ug-bug tribe:}{\f0  a made-up name for a tribe. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ughism:}{\f0  a made-up name for a principle or doctrine. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Ugluks:}{\f0  a coined term for a primitive tribe. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ugly duckling:}{\f0  a swan in a story by Hans Christian Andersen (1805 - 75, Danish writer of fairy tales, poet, novelist 
and dramatist), that is hatched by a duck and sneered at by the ducklings until it suddenly grows into the beauty and grace of an adult swan. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 ugly head, raises its:}{\f0  (usually of something bad) appears after lying hidden. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ugpugs:}{\f0  a made-up name for a primitive tribe. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ukraine:}{\f0  a republic of the Soviet Union, in Southern Europe: rich agricultural and industrial region. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ukraine:}{\f0  a republic of the Soviet Union, in Southern Europe: rich agricultural and industrial region. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Ukraine:}{\f0  region of southwestern European USSR. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 ukulele: }{\f0 a kind of small guitar with four strings that was developed in Hawaii. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-9A}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ukulele:}{\f0 *** a kind of small guitar with four strings that was developed in Hawaii. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM 9A Glossary}{\f0  (app. 25 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 Ukzuk:}{\f0  a made-up name for a planet. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ulcerated:}{\f0  formed an ulcer (open sore); become ulcerous. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 ulcerosis glaucoma magna:}{\f0  a made-up name for an abnormal or diseased condition. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ulcers:}{\f0  open sores with pus, as on the skin or stomach lining.}{\f0\ul  \emdash 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ulcers:}{\f0  open sores with pus, as on the skin or stomach lining. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ulcers:}{\f0  open sores with pus, as on the skin or stomach lining.--}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary, student Edition.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 ulcers, no:}{\f0 *** a phrase meaning \'93no strain\'94 or \'93no worry\'94; derived from the fact that stomach ulcers are often caused by nervous tension, worry or strain. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 ultimate:}{\f0  final point or result, fundamental principle, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Road To Truth Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 15/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 ultimate:}{\f0  most basic; fundamental; primary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ultra:}{\f0 *** immoderately adhering to a belief, fashion or course of action; extreme. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 ultra-light:}{\f0  a coined term for light which is beyond the perception of a human being. The wavelengths of light which the eye can detect are measured in millionths of an inch. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ultraviolet: }{\f0 having to do with certain rays of light that are beyond violet in the spectrum and cannot be seen. They are present in sunlight and light from sunlamps, and are used for healing, forming vitamins and as s
terilizers and disinfectants. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ultraviolet: }{\f0 having to do with certain rays of light that are beyond violet in the spectrum and cannot be seen. They are present in sunlight and light from sunlamps, and are used for healing, fo
rming vitamins and as sterilizers and disinfectants. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ultraviolet: }{\f0 having to do with certain rays of light that cannot be seen. They are present in sunlight and light from sunlamps, and are used for healing, forming vitamins and as sterilizers and disinfectants. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0  (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 ultraviolet: }{\f0 pertaining to a band of radiation having wavelengths that are shorter than violet light. \emdash }{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 Ulupian:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 umbekillus:}{\f0  a made-up name for a body part. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umbilical cord:}{\f0  a cord connected to the navel of an unborn child to supply nourishment prior to birth. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 umbilical remains, regard with curiosity one's:}{\f0  a humorous alteration of the phrase }{\f0\ul contemplate one's navel}{\f0  (a reference to certain Eastern meditation practices). \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 umbilicus:}{\f0  the umbilical cord. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 umbrage, take:}{\f0  take offense; feel insulted or resentful. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul um-bum theory: }{\f0 a made-up name for a theory.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ump-gumps:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umph: }{\f0 an undefined number. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umph: }{\b\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  spirit; vigor; vitality; enthusiasm. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Umph, Professor:}{\f0  a made-up name for a professor. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 umphty-umph:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul umpty,}{\f0  an undefined number. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umpire:}{\f0  a person selected to rule on the plays in a game. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul umpower:}{\f0  a made-up word combining }{\f0\ul umpire}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul power.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umpteegahs: }{\f0 a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul umpteen:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a great number of; very many. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul umpteen:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a great number of; very many. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umpteen:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a great number of; very many. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umpteen:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a great number of; very many. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umpty-bumpty:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul umpty,}{\f0  an undefined number, usually large and}{\f0\ul  bumpty,}{\f0  a made-up word rhyming with }{\f0\ul umpty.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umpty-dozen:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul umpty,}{\f0  of an undefined number and }{\f0\ul dozen,}{\f0  a set of twelve. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umpty-skillion:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul umpty,}{\f0  an undefined number, and }{\f0\ul skillion,}{\f0  a made-up name for a very large number. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul umpty-ump:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul umpty,}{\f0  an undefined number. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 umpty-ump:}{\f0  fanciful designation for an indeterminate number. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 umpty-ump:}{\f0  fanciful designation for an indeterminate number. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 umpty-ump:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  fanciful designation for an indeterminate number. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 umpty-umpth:}{\f0  a coined word from }{\f0\ul umpty,}{\f0  an undefined number. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UMS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 niversal }{\f0\ul M}{\f0 edical }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 
ociety, an elite organization of six hundred physicians in the stories about Ole Doc Methuselah. Membership in this society is not confirmed until the applicant has made an undeniably great contribution to the health and happiness of mankind. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Ole Doc Methuselah stories}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UN:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 nited }{\f0\ul N}{\f0 ations: an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms 
of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unaberrated:}{\f0  rational in thought or behavior; sane. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul aberrated}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 unaberrated: }{\f0 unaffected by aberration. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul aberration}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 unalienable:}{\f0  not able to be given away or taken away. \'d1}{\f0\ul Oxford American Dictionary.}{\f0  (Deterioration of Liberty Glossary) Final approval 17.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 unanalytical:}{\f0  not capable of resolving, such as problems or situations. From the Greek word }{\f0\ul an\'e1lysis, }{\f0 meaning \'93resolve, undo, loosen,\'94 which is to say, take something to pieces to see what it is made of and from }{
\f0\ul un-, }{\f0 meaning \'93not\'94. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unanimity:}{\f0  state or quality of being of one mind, in complete agreement.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 unavailing:}{\f0  achieving nothing, ineffectual. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 unbale:}{\f0  undo (goods) from a bale or bales. A }{\f0\ul bale}{\f0  is a larg
e bundle or package prepared for shipping, storage or sale, especially one tightly compressed and secured by wires, hoops, cords or the like, and sometimes having a wrapping or covering. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unbaling:}{\f0  undoing (goods) from a bale or bales. A }{\f0\ul bale}{\f0 
 is a large bundle or package prepared for shipping, storage or sale, especially one tightly compressed and secured by wires, hoops, cords or the like and sometimes having a wrapping or covering. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unbecomest:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a humorous variation of the word }{\f0\ul un-become, }{\f0 adding }{\f0\ul -est }{\f0 which is an archaic ending for a word. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 uncharted:}{\f0  not shown or located on a map; unexplored; unknown. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 uncle:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a pawnbroker. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 Uncle Joe:}{\f0  humorous reference to Joseph Stalin (1879 - 1953), Russian political leader. As general secretary of the Communist Party
, he expelled those who opposed him and ordered the arrest and deportation to Siberia and northern Russia of tens of thousands of members of the opposition. He became premier of the Soviet Union in 1941, and established himself as virtual dictator. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Uncle Joe:}{\f0  humorous reference to Joseph Stalin (1879 - 1953), Russian political leader who became premier of the Soviet Union in 1941. In 1943 a select group of scientists composed the Manhattan Project in the United States to cons
truct an atomic weapon. Among these scientists was a Russian spy (Klaus Fuchs) who was supplying data on the atomic bomb to Russia. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Uncle Remus:}{\f0  a character in several books by Joel Chandler Harris. Uncle Remus is a former plantation slave who tells animal tales to a little boy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Uncle Tom's Cabin:}{\f0  a novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe (1811 - 1896) which relates the trials, suffering and human dignity of Uncle Tom, an old Negro slave who is cruelly treated and dies as the result of a beating. }{\f0\ul See also }{
\b\f0\ul Little Eva }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Topsy}{\f0  in this glossary. }{\f0\ul And now that we need it, I've turned around and reviewed it, and I find out what is now called the CCHs bears no resemblance\'d1any more than Little Eva did to Topsy in }{\f0 
Uncle Tom's Cabin. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Uncle Tom's Cabin:}{\f0  a novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe (1811 - 1896) which relates the trials, suffering and human dignity of Uncle Tom, an old Negro slave who is cruelly treated and dies as the result of a beating. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Uncle Tom's Cabin:}{\f0  a novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe (1811 - 1896) which relates the trials, suffering and human dignity of Uncle Tom, an old Negro slave who is cruelly treated and dies as the result of a beating. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC 
Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Uncle Tom's Cabin:}{\f0  a novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe which relates the trials, suffering and human dignity of Uncle Tom, an old Negro slave who is cruelly treated and dies as the result of a beating. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{\f0 
 Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Uncle Tom's Cabin:}{\f0  a novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe which relates the trials, suffering and human dignity of Uncle Tom, an old Negro slave who is cruelly treated and dies as the result of a beating. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 unconchible:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unconsciolize:}{\f0  a humorous made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 unconscious mind:}{\f0  a term from psychoanalysis. It is said to be the sum of all thoughts, memories, impulses, desires, feelings, etc., of which the individual is not conscious but which influence his emotions and behavior. In actuality, the 
\'93unconscious\'94 is the sum of all a man's bad experiences and nothing more mysterious than that. In Dianetics and Scientology it is called the reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 reactive}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 unconscious mind:}{\f0  a term from psychoanalysis. It is said to be the sum of all thoughts, memories, impulses, desires, feelings, etc., of which the individual is not conscious but which influence his emotions and behavior. In actuality, the 
\'93unconscious\'94 is the sum of all a man's bad experiences and nothing more mysterious than that. In Dianetics and Scientology it is called the reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 reactive mind}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unconscious, the:}{\f0  a term from psychoanalysis. The unconscious is said to be the sum of all thoughts, memories, impulses, desires, feelings, etc., of which the individual is not conscious but which influence his emotions and behavior. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 uncontrovertible:}{\f0  unable to be argued or reasoned against, contradicted, denied or disputed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Attitude and Conduct of Scientology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 uncork:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  let out, let loose, release, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 uncork:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 let out, let loose, release, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 uncorked:}{\f0  let out, let loose, released, etc.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 uncouth: }{\f0 uncultured, crude. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Second College Edition}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 unctuous:}{\f0  making a false show of deep or sincere feeling, as in trying to persuade; too smooth in speech, manners, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 underbeat:}{\f0  a coined term denoting a lower harmonic. A }{\f0\ul harmonic}{\f0  is one of two or more manifestations or actions which are, themselves, different yet are related in terms of some quality or qualities. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Bin
der 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 undercut: }{\f0 literally, to cut under or beneath. Used figuratively to describe the action of handling something very basic or fundamental, which then allows one to handle more complex problems or aspects of something. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 underdogs:}{\f0  persons who are expected to lose in a contest or conflict; victims of social or political injustice. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 under God's green earth:}{\f0  on earth; in the world. A variation of the phrase }{\b\f0\ul under the sun.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 under God's green earth:}{\f0  on earth; in the world. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul under the sun.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - How to Post an Org}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 underground:}{\f0  an underground electric railway or the tunnel through which it runs; a subway. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 underground:}{\f0  an underground electric railway or the tunnel through which it runs; a subway. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 underground:}{\f0  an underground electric railway or the tunnel through which it runs; a subway. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 underground:}{\f0  the tunnel through which an underground electric railway runs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 underhanded:}{\f0  not open or honest; secret; sly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 undermine:}{\f0  weaken by secret or unfair means. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 undermined:}{\f0  weakened or destroyed gradually; sapped. \'d1}{\f0\ul World Book Dictionary}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 under, out from:}{\f0  a variation of }{\f0\ul under the counter, }{\f0 surreptitiously; with no authorization. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 underscore:}{\f0  underline. Underscore can be used to set off or emphasize a word or passage. }{\f0\ul This is an example of an underscore. See also }{\b\f0\ul italics }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0 
 Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 underscore:}{\f0  underline. Underscore can be used to set off or emphasize a word or passage. }{\f0\ul This is an example of an underscore. See also }{\b\f0\ul italics }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{
\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 understanding:}{\f0  knowingness of life to a certain direction, object, thing or action. It is knowingness in action. We break this down and we get affinity, reality and communication.}{\f0\ul  Understanding}{\f0 
 is also an Awareness Level represented on the org board of a Scientology organization. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Awareness Level }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 org board }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 undertaking: }{\f0 having to do with the profession of supervising or conducting the preparation of the dead for burial, and directing or arranging funerals. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 undertaking parlor:}{\f0  a business establishment where the bodies of the dead are prepared for burial or cremation and where funeral services can be held. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 under the gun:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 in a tense, demanding situation or threatened state, often one involving a deadline. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 under the gun:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 in a tense, demanding situation or threatened state, often one involving a deadline. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 under their thumb:}{\f0  under their influence or power. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 under the sun:}{\f0  on earth; anywhere. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 under the sun:}{\f0  on earth; in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 under the sun, moon and stars: }{\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 on earth; in the world.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Out-Tech}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 under the sun, moon and stars:}{\f0  on Earth; in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 under the sun, moon and stars:}{\f0  on earth; in the world. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 undertook:}{\f0  took upon oneself, as a task, performance, etc.; attempted. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 undertook:***}{\f0  took upon oneself, as a task, performance, etc.; attempted. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Underwood & Underwood:}{\f0  a photo agency which initiated a news-picture service in New York in 1896.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 undimensional:}{\f0  without measurable extent or limit. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 undress blues: }{\f0\ul (US Navy)}{\f0  a blue uniform worn on other than formal occasions. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged }{\f0 and }{\f0\ul The Bluejackets' Manual, Health and Certainty (Final approval 4/11/89) }{\f0 also }{\f0\ul 
5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 undress blues: }{\f0\ul (US Navy)}{\f0  blue working uniforms worn on other than formal occasions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 undress blues: }{\f0\ul (US Navy)}{\f0  blue working uniforms worn on other than formal occasions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 undue:}{\f0  more than is proper or right; too much. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 undue:}{\f0  more than is proper or right; too much. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 undue: }{\f0 unwarranted; excessive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 unduly:}{\f0  in an inappropriate, unjustifiable or improper manner. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 unearth:}{\f0  uncover or bring to light by search, inquiry, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 Uneeda Biscuits:}{\f0  a made-up name for a company. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Evaluation and Handling of Personnel Part I,}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unemployment insurance:}{\f0  a government program that provides a limited number of payments to eligible workers who are involuntarily unemployed. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 unequivocally:}{\f0  in an absolute or unqualified manner; not subject to conditions or exceptions. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 unethical:}{\f0  not acting out of one's own sense of justice and honesty.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0 Involved in an 
action or situation which is contrary to the codes, ideals or ethics standards of one's group or other members of the group. Committing acts of omission or commission that could or have reduced the general effectiveness of a group or its members or impede
d it in achieving its goals. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul ethics}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unfathomable:}{\f0  something which is too mysterious to be understood; impenetrable by the mind; incomprehensible. \'d1}{\f0\ul Pro TRs Transcript Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 29/10/89
\par }{\b\f0 unfissioned plutonium: }{\f0 small particles of plutonium which have not undergone fission in a nuclear reaction. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul plutonium }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 fission}{\f0  in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{
\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 unfrocked:}{\f0  stripped of priestly privileges and functions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul \'93Un gato escaldado agua fria huye\'94:}{\f0  a Spanish phrase meaning \'93once bitten, twice shy.\'94 \emdash }{\f0\ul Machinery of the Mind}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 ungermane:}{\f0  not relevant, pertinent; not to the point. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 'ungry:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  hungry. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 'ungry:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  hungry. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Unguts:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unhave:}{\f0  remove or deprive of havingness. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0 from }{\f0\ul Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0 unheralded:}{\f0  appearing without warning or prior announcement; unexpected. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 unhesion:}{\f0  the act or state of coming apart, not sticking together. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 uniform:}{\f0  consistent in action, effect, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 unimpeded:}{\f0  not possessed of engrams. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 uninitiated:}{\f0  those not introduced to the knowledge of some art or subject. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul union: }{\f0 of or having to do with the American colonies who were united into one political body at the time of the American Revolution. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul 1776 }{\f0 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 union:}{\f0 *** of or pertaining to }{\f0\ul unions:}{\f0  groups designed to protect and advance the interests of wage and salary workers, particularly in large industrial and commercial concerns of the Western world. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 union:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul labor union:}{\f0  an association of workers to protect and further the welfare, interests and rights of their members.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 union:***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul labor union:}{\f0  an organization of wage earners formed for the purpose of protecting the members' interests with respect to wages and working conditions. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 
(app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\ul union:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul labor union,}{\f0  an organization of wage earners formed for the purpose of protecting the members' interests with respect to wages and working conditions. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\ul union:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul labor union,}{\f0  an organization of wage earners formed for the purpose of protecting the members' interests with respect to wages and working conditions. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0\ul union:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul labor union,}{\f0  an organization of wage earners formed for the purpose of protecting the members' interests with respect to wages and working conditions. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Union:}{\f0  the northern area of the United States that fought to preserve the United States in the Civil War. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Union:}{\f0  the northern area of the United States that fought to preserve the United States in the Civil War. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Union:}{\f0  the northern states during the American Civil War (1861 - 1865). The war was fought between the northern states (Union) and southern states (Confederacy) in which the Confederacy sought to establish itself as a separate nation. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Union:}{\f0  the United States; especially the northern states during the American Civil War. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul South, the }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Union:}{\f0  the United States; especially the no
rthern states during the Civil War (the war was fought between the northern states [Union] and southern states [Confederacy] in which the Confederacy sought to establish itself as a separate nation). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Confederate}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 union card:}{\f0  a card serving to identify one as a member in good standing of a specified labor union. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 union dues:}{\f0 *** regular fees or charges payable at specific intervals to a labor union (an association of workers to protect and further the welfare, interests and rights of its members). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0 
 - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 union hours:}{\f0  a set number of working hours, as established by a labor union (an organization of workers formed to promote collective bargaining with employers over wages, hours, fringe benefits, job security, and working conditions). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 24}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unionism: }{\f0 the system, principles or methods of groups designed  to protect and advance the interests of wage and salary workers, particularly in large industrial and commercial concerns of the Western world. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 unions:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul labor unions:}{\f0  associations of workers to protect and further the welfare, interests and rights of their members. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Union Station:}{\f0  a large subway train station in New York City. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Union Station: }{\f0 a process which was developed by Ron in the mid-1950s when he was in Washington, DC. It was named after }{\f0\ul Union Station,}{\f0  a large railroad station there. For more information on this process, see R2-46 in }{\f0\ul 
Ability Major 6, Basic Processes, }{\f0 in Technical Bulletins Volume III. }{\f0\ul  \emdash SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Union Station: }{\f0 a process which was developed by Ron in the mid-1950s when he was in Washington, DC. It was named after }{\f0\ul Union Station,}{\f0  a large railroad station there. For more information on this process, see R2-46 in }{\f0\ul 
Ability }{\f0 Major 6, \'93Basic Processes,\'94 in }{\f0\ul Technical Bulletins }{\f0 Volume III. }{\f0\ul  \emdash NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unique:***}{\f0  limited in occurrence to a given class, situation or area. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Unit 1:}{\f0  the first unit of the Advanced Clinical Course given by Ron in Camden, New Jersey from 5 October through 14 November, 1953. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Unit 2:}{\f0  the second unit of the American Advanced Clinical Course delivered 17 Nov. through 22 Dec. 1953 in Camden, New Jersey. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor from Tech Vol I, p. 478}{\f0   (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 Unit 4:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 the fourth unit of the American Advanced Clinical Course delivered 15 Feb. through 29 Mar. 1954 in Phoenix, Arizona. \emdash }{\f0\ul Editor from Tech Vol II.}{\f0   (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 unit:}{\f0  any magnitude regarded as an independent whole; a single, indivisible entity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 unit:}{\f0 *** of or pertaining to a single indi
vidual or thing regarded as a member of a group or number of things or individuals, or discriminated from these by having a separate existence; of or pertaining to one of the separate parts or members of which a complex whole is composed or into which it 
may be analyzed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 Unit: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Advanced Clinical Unit: }{\f0 a section of an Advanced Clinical Course having a specific curriculum. For example, the ACC Communication Course was taught as one unit; the ACC Indoctrination Co
urse was taught as another unit. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Unit: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Advanced Clinical Unit. See }{\b\f0\ul Advanced Clinical Unit}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unit:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Advanced Clinical Unit. See }{\b\f0\ul Advanced Clinical Unit}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Unit C: }{\f0 one of the four units (divisions) of the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of the lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Unit C:}{\f0  one of the four units (divisions) of the Saint Hill Special Briefing Course at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United Airlines:}{\f0  a major American airline. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 United Fruit:}{\f0  an American company which owned large banana plantations in Central America in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United Fruit:}{\f0 *** an American company which owned large banana plantations in Central America in the early 1950s. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 United Mine Workers:}{\f0  a labor union of coal mine workers, organize
d in 1890. Throughout the years immediately following World War II the mine workers were one of the dominating factors on the national labor scene. During this time period, the United Mine Workers went on strike very frequently, thus threatening serious d
isruption of the nation's economy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations:}{\f0  an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries 
in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations: }{\f0 an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding
 countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations:}{\f0  an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed b
y fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations:}{\f0  an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms of 
the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations: }{\f0 an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperatio
n under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 19}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations:}{\f0  an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, se
curity and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations: }{\f0 an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote in
ternational peace, security and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations: }{\f0 an international organization with headquarters 
in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations: }{\f0 an international organization with 
headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91

\par }{\b\f0 United Nations:}{\f0  an inte
rnational organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United Nations:}{\f0 
 an international organization with headquarters in New York City, formed to promote international peace, security and cooperation under the terms of the charter signed by fifty-one founding countries in San Francisco in 1945. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 United Press:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul United Press International}{\f0 , a business organization of newspapers in the US, together with representatives abroad for the reporting and interchange of news. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United States Army Signal Corps:}{\f0  a branch of the army responsible for military communications, meteorological studies and related work. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 United States Congress:}{\f0  the national lawmaking body of the United States, consisting of members from each state. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 United States Naval Academy:}{\f0  a school at Annapolis, Maryland, USA, for training naval officers, founded in 1845. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United States Senate:}{\f0  the upper branch of the United States legislature. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 United States Steel:}{\f0  an American steel manufacturing company founded in 1907. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul United States War Department:}{\f0  a former federal executive department organized in 1789 to administer the military establishment. In 1949, it was reconstituted as the Department of the Army, a division within the Department of Defense. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 unition:}{\f0  the action of uniting; the fact or condition of being united; union, conjunction, junction. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unit pay:}{\f0  a pay plan where the organization's salary amount is divided amongst the staff. A staff member's portion (number of units) would depend upon his post, longevity and training level. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 
App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 unit pay system:}{\f0  a pay plan where the organization's salary amount is divided amongst the staff. A staff member's portion (number of units) would depend upon his post, longevity, training level, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unit pay system:}{\f0  a pay plan where the organization's salary amount is divided amongst the staff. A staff member's portion (number of units) would depend upon his post, longevity, training level, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Scientology Organizations}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91
\par }{\b\f0 units:}{\f0  a proportion of pay in a proportionate pay plan (a pay plan where the organization's salary amount is divided amongst the staff). A staff member's portion (number of units) would depend upon his post, longevity and training level. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 units:}{\f0  in a proportionate pay system, the individual amounts into which the salary sum is divided. Each staff member gets a designated number of units according to the post he is holding. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-6}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 units:}{\f0  proportions of pay in a proportionate pay plan, a pay plan where the organization's salary amount is divided amongst the staff. A staff member's portion (number of units) would depend upon his post, longevity and training level. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer, an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer, an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer, an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer, an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer; an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer; an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer; an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer; an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer; an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Univac:}{\f0  an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. The name stood for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0 
 Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Univac:}{\f0  an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. The name stood for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 UNIVAC:}{\f0  an early, general-purpose computer for commercial use. The name stood for }{\f0\ul Univ}{\f0 ersal }{\f0\ul A}{\f0 utomatic }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 omputer. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 universe:}{\f0  a wh
ole system of created things. The universes are three in number. The first of these is one's own universe. The second would be the material universe, which is the universe of matter, energy, space and time, which is the common meeting ground of all of us.
 The third is actually a class of universes\'d1the universe of every other person. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 universe:}{\f0  the totality of all the things that exist. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 universe:}{\f0  the totality of all the things that exist. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Universe Processing:}{\f0  processing which gets the preclear to differentiate his own universe from the MEST universe. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 universes:}{\f0  whole systems of created things. The universes are t
hree in number. The first of these is one's own universe. The second would be the material universe, which is the universe of matter, energy, space and time, which is the common meeting ground of all of us. The third is actually a class of universes\'d1
the universe of every other person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 universes, best of all possible:}{\f0  a reference to the overly optimistic attitude of Dr. Pangloss, the old tutor to the hero in the satire }{\f0\ul Candide,}{\f0  (subtitled \'93Optimism\'94) 
by Voltaire (French philosopher, poet, dramatist and author, 1694 - 1778). Dr. Pangloss' great point was his incurable and misleading optimism which did him no good and brought him all sorts of misfortune, but to the end he reiterated \'93
all is for the best in this best of all possible worlds.\'94 \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 universes, it's all for the best in this best of all possible:}{\f0  a humorous reference to the overly optimistic attitude of Dr. Pangloss, the old tutor to the hero in the satire }{\f0\ul Candide,}{\f0  (subtitled \'93Optimism\'94
) by Voltaire (French philosopher, poet, dramatist and author, 1694 - 1778). Dr. Pangloss' great point was his incurable and misleading optimism which did him no good and brought him all sorts of misfortune, but to the end he reiterated \'93
all is for the best in this best of all possible worlds.\'94 \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 universeth:}{\f0  a humorous variation of the word \'93universe,\'94 adding }{\f0\ul -eth}{\f0  which is an archaic ending for a word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Berlin:}{\f0  a university founded in 1809 - 1810 in Berlin, Germany. \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Chicago:}{\f0  a privately controlled educational institution located in Chicago, Illinois in the midwestern United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Chicago:}{\f0  a privately controlled educational institution located in Chicago, Illinois in the Midwestern United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Chicago:}{\f0  a privately controlled educational institution located in Chicago, Illinois in the midwestern United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul Classification, Gradation and Awareness Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of George Washington:}{\f0  a university located in Washington, DC, capital of the US. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Glasgow: }{\f0 a large university in Glasgow, Scotland which was founded in 1451. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 University of Illinois:}{\f0  a state-controlled university with its main campus located in eastern Illinois, about 125 miles from Chicago. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul University of Illinois:}{\f0  a state-controlled university with its main campus located in eastern Illinois, about 125 miles from Chicago. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Kansas:}{\f0  an accredited, coeducational university located in Lawrence, Kansas, USA. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Lawrence }{\f0 in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Michigan:}{\f0  a coeducational institution founded in Michigan in 1817. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 University of Padua:}{\f0  a university in Padua, Italy, founded in 1222. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of San Antonio:}{\f0  a made-up name for a university. }{\f0\ul San Antonio}{\f0  is a city in south central Texas. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Southern California:}{\f0  an accredited, coeducational, privately-controlled university near Los Angeles, California. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 University of Squawdump:}{\f0  a made-up name for a university. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unkempt:}{\f0  not properly cared for; neglected; untidy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 unknowingness:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 state or condition of not knowing, not being familiar with or understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 unknowingness:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 state or condition of not knowing, not being familiar with or understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unknowingness:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 state or condition of not knowing, not being familiar with or understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unknowingness:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 state or condition of not knowing, not being familiar with or understanding.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unknowingness:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 state or condition of not knowing, not being familiar with or understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 unknowingness:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 state or condition of not knowing, not being familiar with or understanding. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Second College Edition}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89

\par }{\b\f0 unknowingness:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 the state or condition of not knowing, not being familiar with or understanding. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Unknown Psychotherapist:}{\f0  symbol representing the death of psychotherapy. A humorous reference to the American Unknown Soldier (an unidentified soldi
er killed in battle and buried with honors, the tomb serving as a memorial to all the unidentified dead of a nation's armed forces. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unloaded:}{\f0  removed (themselves). \emdash }{\f0\ul Track Analysis}{\f0  and }{\f0\ul Running the GPMs}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unmock}{\b\f0\revised :}{\f0  make nothing of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 unmock:}{\f0  become nothing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 unmock:}{\f0  make nothing of. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unmock}{\b\f0\revised :}{\f0 *** make nothing of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 unmock}{\b\f0\revised :}{\f0  make nothing of. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unmock:}{\f0  make nothing of. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul mock up}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 unmockable:}{\f0 *** capable of being made nothing of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 unmockable:}{\f0  capable of being made nothing of. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 unpalatable: }{\f0 unacceptable or disagreeable to the mind or feelings. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 unpositive:}{\f0  not precise; not specific. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 unrelenting:}{\f0  not easing or slackening in severity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 unsavory:}{\f0  socially or morally objectionable or offensive. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 unsavory:}{\f0  socially or morally objectionable or offensive. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 unsavory:}{\f0  unappealing or disagreeable, as a pursuit. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 unscrupulous:}{\f0  paying no attention to what is right or proper; not honest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 unsettling:}{\f0  making insecure, or unstable; disturbing; causing to be displaced, disarranged or disordered. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 unsheathe:}{\f0  bring or put forth from a covering. \'93Unsheathe their fingernails\'94 is a figurative use of the fact that animals such as cats, tigers, etc., uncover their claws, normally withdrawn, when defending or attacking. \emdash }{
\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Editor, }{\f0 from}{\f0\ul  World Book Dictionary}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0 unsnavel:}{\f0  a made-up word which rhymes with }{\f0\ul unravel.}{\f0  }{\f0\ul Snavel}{\f0  is a slang term which means to steal, appropriate or grab. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unswervably:}{\f0  in a manner not turning aside in movement or direction; not deviating from the straight or direct course. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 untenable:}{\f0  that cannot be held, defended or maintained. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's 7th New Collegiate Dictionary.}{\f0  (The Road to Perfection) Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 unthinkingness:***}{\f0  the state, quality or an instance of lacking the ability to think; not being rational. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 unthwarted:}{\f0  not opposed successfully; not prevented from accomplishing a purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990
\par }{\b\f0 unthwarted:}{\f0  unhindered, not obstructed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 untimely:}{\f0  coming at the wrong time, especially too soon. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul unto:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (poetic)}{\f0  to. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 unto:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (poetic)}{\f0  to. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 untoward:}{\f0  unfavorable and unfortunate. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 untrammeled:}{\f0  not hindered or impeded; unrestrained. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 unwarranted: }{\f0 having no justification; groundless. \emdash }{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 unwarranted:}{\f0  not justified; unreasonable. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 unwieldy:}{\f0  hard to wield, manage, handle or deal with, as because of large size or weight, or awkward form. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 unwittingly:}{\f0  inadvertently; unintentionally; accidentally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 unwittingly:}{\f0  not knowingly; unintentionally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul unwittingly:}{\f0  not knowingly; unintentionally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul unwittingly:}{\f0  not knowingly; unintentionally. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 up against it:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  faced with a great difficulty or problem; badly in need. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 up and:}{\f0  started up (accompanied by a subsequent action). \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 up and at (them), going:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  getting up and going at (people or things); getting active and getting busy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 upbeats:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (music)}{\f0  unaccented beats in a measure, especially those preceding a downbeat. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul downbeats}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 upbraided:}{\f0  found fault with harshly or bitterly; criticized sharply.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 upbraidings:}{\f0  severe reproofs; scoldings. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Upglop, lower:}{\f0  a made-up name. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upheaval:}{\f0  violent change or disturbance. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 upheaval:}{\f0  violent change or disturbance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Upjohn, Professor:}{\f0  a made-up name for a professor. }{\f0\ul Upjohn Company}{\f0  is the name of an American company that markets pharmaceutical and home health care products. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)

\par }{\b\f0 up-on-the-pedestalledness:}{\f0  the quality of being regarded with great or excessive admiration; being idolized. A variation of the phrase }{\f0\ul put on a pedestal.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 11}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upped:}{\f0  made up, formed or composed. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 16}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Upper 3D Galactic Space Ranger Empire:}{\f0  a made-up name for a space empire. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Bavaria:}{\f0  a district in Bavaria, Germany having iron ore as one of its chief mineral deposits. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upper crust:}{\f0  the highest segment of a social class or group. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upper crust:}{\f0  upper class. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 uppercut:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (boxing)}{\f0  a short, swinging blow directed upward, as to the chin. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0  a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully 
confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0  a series of training drills designed to bring about i
n the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
2nd Lecture on Clearing Methodology}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0 
 a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully confront another person while 
giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0 
 a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of contr
ol in any circumstances.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0  a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies an
d to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0 
 a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of contr
ol in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc:}{\f0 *** short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0  a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies a
nd to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0  a series of training 
drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstance
s. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul Upper Indoctrination,}{\f0  a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully co
nfront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0  a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student t
he willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-2}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoctrination:}{\f0  often shortened to }{\f0\ul Upper Indoc:}{\f0 
 a series of training drills designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle and control other people's bodies and to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Al
so to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Upper Indoc TRs Course:***}{\f0  a course covering the series of training drills (TRs) designed to bring about in the student the willingness and ability to handle a
nd control other people's bodies and to cheerfully confront another person while giving that person commands. Also to maintain a high level of control in any circumstances. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul TRs }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 upper story:}{\f0  a higher level or degree. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 uppigitis:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upscale:}{\f0  in better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 upscale:}{\f0 *** in better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 upscale:}{\f0  in better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 upscale:}{\f0  in better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 upscale:}{\f0  in better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upscale:}{\f0  in better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upscale: }{\f0 into a better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\f0  into a better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\f0  into a better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\f0  into a better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\f0  into a better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 up the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 up the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 up the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 up the Tone Scale toward enthusiasm. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 up scale:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 up the Tone Scale toward enthusiasm. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul up scale: }{\f0 up the Tone Scale toward enthusiasm. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upscale:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 up the Tone Scale toward enthusiasm. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 upscales:}{\f0  brings into a better condition or state of being. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upscales:}{\f0  puts into a better condition or state of being than. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 upshot:}{\f0 *** the conclusion; result; outcome. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 upshot:}{\f0  the conclusion; result; outcome. \emdash }{\f0\ul ExDn Lectures Approved Glossary: Illness Breakthrough (7 April 1972)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 upstage: }{\f0 superior or aloof in manner. From theater, where to }{\f0\ul upstage}{\f0  another actor is to move upstage (toward t
he back of the stage) of him, forcing him to face away from the audience, or to divert attention from another actor to oneself, to \'93steal the scene\'94 from him. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 upstage: }{\f0 superior or aloof in manner. From theater, where to }{\f0\ul upstage}{\f0  anot
her actor is to move upstage (toward the back of the stage) of him, forcing him to face away from the audience, or to divert attention from another actor to oneself, to \'93steal the scene\'94 from him. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0 
 Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0 upstage: }{\f0 superior or aloof in manner. From theater, where to }{\f0\ul upstage}{\f0 
 another actor is to move upstage (toward the back of the stage) of him, forcing him to face away from the audience, or to divert attention from another actor to oneself, to \'93steal the scene\'94 from him. Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 upstairs: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial)}{\f0  at a high level; hard to understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upstairs: }{\b\f0\ul (colloquial) }{\f0 at a high level; hard to understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul F/Ning Staff Members, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 upstat:}{\f0  (from \'93up statistic\'94) in Scientology, a coined expression which means of or concerning one who has high statistics. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul statistic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status I Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 25-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 upstat:}{\f0  (from \'93up statistic\'94) in Scientology, a coined expression which means of or concerning one who has high statistics. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul statistic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
FSM Specialist Course Approved Glossary}{\f0  Appr. early 1991
\par }{\b\f0 upstat:***}{\f0  (from \'93up statistic\'94) in Scientology, a coined expression which means of or concerning one who has high statistics. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul statistic}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{
\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 upstats:}{\f0  those who have high statistics. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 uptake: }{\f0 absorption. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 \'93up to\'94:}{\f0  a made-up term meaning \'93only }{\f0\ul until}{\f0  or }{\f0\ul up to}{\f0  a particular time\'94 or \'93with a time limit.\'94 In reference to an auditor, it means he is putting a preset time limit o
n a session, deciding in advance to audit only until or }{\f0\ul up to}{\f0  a certain time. }{\f0\ul What the hell are you doing, auditing so \'93up to\'94
? What? What were you doing, auditing a pc who had to meet his wife? I'd never audit a pc who had to go out and meet his wife at four o'clock.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #9, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 up to (his) ears:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (informal)}{\f0  having very much or many of. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 uptone:}{\f0  characteristic of a higher level of the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 uptone:}{\f0  to a higher level of the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 uptone:}{\f0  to a higher level of the Tone Scale. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Tone Scale}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 uptown:}{\f0  of, for or characteristic of affluent people; elegant, stylish or luxurious. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Uptygup:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Uptygup:}{\f0  a made-up word. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Urals:}{\f0  a range of mountains in the central Soviet Union. This mountain range is traditionally regarded as the geographical boundary between Europe and Asia.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Urals:}{\f0  a range of mountains in the central Soviet Union; this mountain range is traditionally regarded as the geographical boundary between Europe and Asia. \'d1}{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 uranium:}{\f0  a very hard, heavy, silvery radioactive metallic chemical element: it is found only in combination, chiefly in pitchblende (a brown to black lustrous mineral), and is important in work on atomic energy. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0\ul uranium:}{\f0  a very hard, heavy, silvery radioactive metallic chemical element: It is found only in combination, chiefly in pitchblende (a brown to black lustrous mineral), and is important in work on atomic energy. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul uranium:}{\f0  a very hard, heavy, silvery radioactive metallic chemical element. It is found only in combination, chiefly in pitchblende (a brown to black lustrous mineral), and is important in work on atomic energy.  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 urchins: }{\f0 mischievous boys.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 urchins: }{\f0 poor, ragged children. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Urdu:}{\f0  an Indic language that is the official literary language of Pakistan and is widely used especially by Moslems in India. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 'urky:}{\f0  a contraction of }{\f0\ul murky,}{\f0  dark or gloomy. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 US Bureau of Internal Revenue:}{\f0  a division of the US Department of the Treasury, established in 1862. It is responsible for the assessment and collection of federal taxes othe
r than those on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. It collects most of its revenues through the individual and corporate income tax. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 US Forestry Service:}{\f0  a division of the United States Department of Agriculture which has control over the national forests and is responsible for their best possible use. It does this through research, education and management. \emdash }{
\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 US Government Civil Defense program:}{\f0  the plan or procedure of the United St
ates Office of Civil Defense which is to be used to protect the citizens of the United States against enemy attack. At the time of this lecture, this included public education, training schools, stockpiling vital supplies and an attack warning system. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 USGS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 nited }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tates }{\f0\ul G}{\f0 eological }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 
urvey, a governmental bureau charged with making investigations of an area to determine the distribution, composition, history, etc., of its rock formations and mineral resources. \emdash }{\f0\ul R-factor\'d1Talk to Registrars}{\f0  Approved 5.3.91

\par }{\b\f0 USLO:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 nited }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tates }{\f0\ul L}{\f0 iaison }{\f0\ul O}{\f0 ffice, the name of Flag's continental liaison office for the United States at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
ESTO - Revision of the Product - Org System, Part II}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 US marshal:}{\f0  a Federal officer appointed to a judicial district to perform functions like those of a sheriff (chief law-enforcement officer of a county, in charge of keeping the peace and carrying out court orders). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 USnik:}{\f0  a made-up word rhyming with }{\f0\ul sputnik. \emdash 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 US Public Health Service:}{\f0  an agency of the United States government concerned with control of interstate spread of disease, protection against th
e importation of disease, care of the health of certain government employees, and performing a large amount of research on diseases. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 USS:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 nited }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tates }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 hip, often used before the names of US naval ships, e.g., }{\f0\ul USS Missouri. \emdash HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 USS: }{\f0 United States Senate. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0\ul USS Algol:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul United States Ship Algol,}{\f0  a ship on which LRH served during World War II. The }{\f0\ul Algol}{\f0  was named after a star in the constellation Perseus, which is in the Milky Way. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul USS Astoria:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul United States Ship Astoria, }{\f0 an American cruiser which was lost at sea during World War II. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul USS Constitution:}{\f0  an American warship launched in 1797 and regarded by Americans as the most famous ship in the history of the US Navy. She was named \'93Old Ironsides\'94
 by sailors in 1812 when British shot failed to penetrate the side of the ship in battle with the British. }{\f0\ul USS}{\f0  is an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul U}{\f0 nited }{\f0\ul S}{\f0 tates }{\f0\ul s}{\f0 hip. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 US Senate:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul United States Senate:}{\f0  the upper branch of the United States legislature (the body of persons given the responsibility and power to make laws for the country).  \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 USS }{\b\f0\ul Missouri:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul United States Ship Missouri, }{\f0 one of the largest battleships during World War II.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 US State Department:}{\f0  the department of the executive branch of the US government in charge of relations with foreign countries. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 USS Washington:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul United States Ship Washington,}{\f0  a US battleship which fought in the South Pacific during World War II. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul World War II}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 USS Washington: }{\f0 short for }{\f0\ul United States Ship Washington,}{\f0  a US battleship which fought in the South Pacific during World War II. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul World War II}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 usurp:}{\f0  appropriate wrongly to oneself (a right, prerogative, etc.). \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 usurp:}{\f0  take and hold by force or without right. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 usurpation: }{\f0 the act of usurping (wrongly appropriating) another's rights, privileges, etc.; an instance of encroachment on or upon (liberty, etc.). \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 usurped:}{\f0  used without authority or right; employed wrongfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 usurped:}{\f0  used without authority or right; employed wrongfully. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 usurper:}{\f0  one who takes and holds (power, position, rights, etc.) by force or without right.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 usurps:}{\f0  appropriates wrongly to itself (a right, prerogative, etc.). \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Utgut, Professor:}{\f0  a made-up name for a professor. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 utmost:}{\f0  greatest or highest. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 utopia:}{\f0  an ideal place or state with perfect laws. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Affinity, Reality, Communication Triangle.}{\f0  Final approval 14/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 utopian:}{\f0  of or like a }{\f0\ul utopia, }{\f0 any idealized place, state or situation of perfection. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 utter:}{\f0  make or express with the voice. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 utter:}{\f0  make or express with the voice. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 uttermost:}{\f0  of or to the greatest or highest degree, amount, etc.; greatest. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul \'fcber alles:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  above all else. From the opening words of the German national anthem, \'93Deutschland [Germany] \'fcber alles.\'94 \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul vested interest:}{\f0  a special interest in an existing system, arrangement or institution for particular personal reasons. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul viewpoint:}{\f0  a point from which to view. Any being is a viewpoint; he is as much a being as he is able to assume viewpoints. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }\pard \ql \li806\ri763\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin763\lin806\itap0 {\f0 
\par }}