{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 12000000000001000000}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Narrow;}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvantGarde;}{\f18\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ITC Bookman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Light;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Black;}{\f21\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f22\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino;}
{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfChancery;}{\f24\fdecor\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ZapfDingbats;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Marlett;}
{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609040504020204}Lucida Console;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504020204}Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02050604050505020204}Bookman Old Style;}{\f30\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}MS Outlook;}{\f31\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040602050305030304}Book Antiqua;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}
{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0706040902060204}Haettenschweiler;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f37\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho;}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0306030101010103}Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040603050505030304}Calisto MT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0705020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Bold;}
{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e0507020206020404}Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020202020204}Century Gothic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0806030902050204}Impact;}
{\f44\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010101010101}Lucida Handwriting;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0602030504090204}Lucida Sans;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0504020203020204}News Gothic MT;}
{\f47\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02010509020102010303}OCR A Extended;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f49\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}CG Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f50\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f51\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f53\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f54\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f55\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f57\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f60\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f61\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f67\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}
{\f145\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f206\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Lucida Console CE;}{\f207\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Lucida Console Cyr;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Lucida Console Greek;}
{\f210\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Lucida Console Tur;}{\f212\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode CE;}{\f213\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Cyr;}{\f215\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Greek;}
{\f216\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Lucida Sans Unicode Tur;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f219\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}
{\f222\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f223\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}{\f224\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Bookman Old Style CE;}{\f225\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Cyr;}
{\f227\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Greek;}{\f228\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Tur;}{\f229\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Bookman Old Style Baltic;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}
{\f243\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f247\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}{\f266\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}
{\f267\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f269\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f270\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f271\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Impact CE;}
{\f309\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Impact Cyr;}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Impact Greek;}{\f312\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Impact Tur;}{\f313\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Impact Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title V}{\author Ergon Copeland}
{\operator Ergon Copeland}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min4}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr11\min4}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords11776}{\nofchars67125}{\*\company CSI}{\nofcharsws82434}{\vern71}}\margl1080\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprstsp\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale45\viewzk1\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright \f10\fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul V
\par }{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 V-2:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a rocket bomb used by the Germans in World War II after June 1944. It is the abbreviation of German }{\f0\ul Vergeltungswaffe zwei,}{\f0  meaning \ldblquote vengeance weapon two.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{
\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 V8: }{\b\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a brand of vegetable juice popular in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 V8: }{\b\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a brand of vegetable juice popular in the United States. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 V-8 engine:}{\f0  an automobile engine in the shape of a V, with four cylinders on each of the two cylinder heads, opposite each other, instead of all eight cylinders in a single line. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 V:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul v}{\f0 oltage. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul voltage}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vacillated:}{\f0  wavered in one's mind; showed indecision. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 vacillation:}{\f0  a state of indecision or irresolution (lack of decision or purpose). \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 vacuity:}{\f0  emptiness; an empty space; void or vacuum. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vacuum tube:}{\f0  an electron tube from which almost all air or gas has been evacuated: formerly used extensively in radio and electronics. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vacuum tube:}{\f0  a sealed tu
be from which most of the air has been removed, and into which an electrode from outside projects; used in radio and television sets, radar, electron microscopes and other devices to control flows of electric current. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vacuum-tube rig:}{\f0  early computer composed of vacuum tubes (sealed tubes with an almost perfect vacuum, allowing free passage of electric current).  \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990

\par }{\b\f0 vacuum tubes: }{\f0 sealed tubes from which most of the air has been removed, and into which electrodes from outside project, used in radio and television sets, radar, electron microscopes, and other devices to control flows of electric current. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vagaries: }{\f0 odd, eccentric or unexpected actions. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 vagaries:}{\f0  unpredictable or erratic actions, occurrences, courses or instances.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vagus nerve:}{\f0  longest of the cranial nerves, passing through the neck into the abdomen. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vain:}{\f0  without sense or wisdom; foolish; senseless. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vain, in:}{\f0  with no result, uselessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vain, in:}{\f0  with no result; uselessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vain, in:}{\f0  with no result, uselessly. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 vain, in:}{\f0  with no result, uselessly. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 vain, in:}{\f0  without effect or avail; to no purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 vain, in:}{\f0  without effect or avail; to no purpose. \emdash }{\f0\ul Org Board and Livingness Glossary}{\f0  (approved 7-8-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Val Doc:***}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul valuable document.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #4: Prerequisites to Learning}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence
\rdblquote  is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 valence:}{\f0 
 a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul valence:}{\f0 
 a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence
\rdblquote  is acting as though he were his father. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul LCDH}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0 a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Valences, Circuits}{\f0 , Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence
\rdblquote  is acting as though he were his father. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  a personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A }{\f0\ul valence}{\f0  is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote 
in his father's valence\rdblquote  is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0   personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0   personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Suppressives and GAEs Glossary}{\f0  Appr. 25 Feb. 91
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0  personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valence:}{\f0 *** personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level 0 Glossary}{\f0  Approved 3-12-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul valence:}{\f0  personality. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote 
 is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 valences:}{\f0 *** personalities. The term is used to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence
\rdblquote  is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 valence shift:}{\f0  getting the preclear moving around from one valence to the other. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 valence shifter:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 an action phrase that indicates the person should be somebody else. (You're just like your father, don't be like Uncle Rudy, you're just like everybody else
, you're exactly like Rover, you're nobody, you're not human, you're out of this world, you can't ever be yourself, I'll just have to pretend I'm somebody else, or I'll never be happy again.) }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul action phrases }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 
valence}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Notes on the Lectures Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 26 March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 valence shifters: }{\f0 phrases which cause the individual to shift into other identities. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 valence}{\f0  }{\b\f0 shifting: }{\f0 shifting a pc into another identity. The term }{\f0\ul valence }{\f0 is u
sed to denote the borrowing of the personality of another. A valence is a substitute for self taken on after the fact of lost confidence in self. A preclear \ldblquote in his father's valence\rdblquote  is acting as though he were his father. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Scientology 8-80 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 13.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 valence wall:}{\f0  a sort of protective mechanism by which the charge of the case is compartmented to permit the individual to work at least some of the time.  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Valentine's Day:}{\f0  a holiday celebrated on the 14th of 
February. Originally a Roman feast day, it was Christianized in memory of the martyr St. Valentine (died a.d. 270). In the Middle Ages, Valentine became associated with the union of lovers under conditions of duress. Today the holiday is celebrated with t
he exchange of romantic or comic messages called \ldblquote valentines.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 10}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Valentine's Day:}{\f0  a holiday celebrated on the 14th of February. Originally a Roman feast day, it was Christianized in memory of the martyr St. Valentine (died a
.d. 270). In the Middle Ages, Valentine became associated with the union of lovers under conditions of duress. Today the holiday is celebrated with the exchange of romantic or comic messages called \ldblquote valentines.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 21}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Valentine's Day:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Saint Valentine's Day,}{\f0  14 Feburary, a day for exchanging tokens of affection (valentines). The day is also observed in honor of a martyr of the third century, Saint Valentine. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Valentino, Rudolph:}{\f0  (1895 - 1926) a US motion picture actor, born in Italy. He was the great romantic idol of the 1920s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Valentino, Rudolph:}{\f0  (1895 - 1926) a US motion picture actor, born in Italy. He was the great romantic idol of the 1920s. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Valentino, Rudolph:}{\f0  (1895 - 1926) a US motion-picture actor, born in Italy. He was the great romantic idol of the 1920s. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Valhalla: }{\b\f0\ul (mythology)}{\f0  the great hall where the god Odin receives and feasts the souls of heroes fallen bravely in battle. The word literally means }{\f0\ul hall of the slain.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.
}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0\ul Valhalla: (mythology)}{\f0  the great hall where the god Odin receives and feasts the souls of heroes fallen bravely in battle. The word literally means }{\f0\ul hall of the slain.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Valhalla: (mythology)}{\f0  the great hall where the god Odin receives and feasts the souls of heroes fallen bravely in battle. The word literally means }{\f0\ul hall of the slain.}{\f0  Used figuratively in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Valhalla:}{\f0  the hall of Odin (chief of the Norse gods) into which the souls of heroes slain in battle and others who have died bravely are received. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 validates:}{\f0  makes valid; substantiates; confirms. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 validation:***}{\f0  the action of supporting or confirming the correctness, value or worth of someone or something. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 Validation Committee:}{\f0  a committee appointed by L. Ron Hubbard at the Freedom Congress to take up the business of the validation of all certificates ever issued, and report on their findings and opinions. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Validation MEST Processing:}{\f0 
 a processing technique which is done by straightwiring (recalling, from present time, with some perception or at least a concept, a past incident) times when prosurvival objects, energies, spaces and times are in harmonious proximity or at least not thre
atening to depart from the preclear, and when contrasurvival objects, energies, spaces and times are entirely absent or, if in view at all, have no bearing on the preclear. \emdash }{\f0\ul Handbook for Preclears Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Validation }{\b\i\f0 Mest Straightwire:}{\f0 
 an auditing technique which is done by straightwiring (recalling, from present time, with some perception or at least a concept, a past incident) times when prosurvival objects, energies, spaces and times are in harmonious proximity or at least not threa
tening to depart from the preclear, and when contrasurvival objects, energies, spaces and times are entirely absent or, if in view at all, have no bearing on the preclear. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul preclear}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}
{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Validation Processing:}{\f0 
 processing in which the auditor, at least for one session, concentrates exclusively on the theta side of lock chains, not allowing the preclear to run any but analytical moments on any given subject. When the preclear encounters too much entheta on a giv
en chain, the auditor takes h
im to analytical moments on another subject (which moments constitute, of course, a parallel chain to the locks on that subject) obtained from the file clerk (Dianetic auditor's slang for the mechanism of the mind which acts as a data monitor). During thi
s type of processing somatics will turn on and off, sometimes severely, but the auditor ignores them, and keeps bringing the preclear back to analytical (not necessarily pleasure) moments.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Validation Processing:}{\f0  proces
sing in which the auditor, at least for one session, concentrates exclusively on the theta side of lock chains, not allowing the preclear to run any but analytical moments on any given subject. When the preclear encounters too much entheta on a given chai
n, the auditor takes him to analytical moments on another subject (which moments constitute, of course, a parallel chain to the locks on that subject) obtained from the file clerk (Dianetic Auditor's slang for the mechanism of the mind which acts as a dat
a monitor). During this type of processing somatics will turn on and off, sometimes severely, but the auditor ignores them, and keeps bringing the preclear back to analytical (not necessarily pleasure) moments. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Validation Processing:}{\f0 
 processing in which the auditor concentrates exclusively on the theta side of lock chains, not allowing the preclear to run any but analytical moments on any given subject. When the preclear encounters too much entheta on a given chain, the aud
itor takes him to analytical moments on another subject (which moments constitute a parallel chain to the locks on that subject). Somatics will turn on and off, sometimes severely, but the auditor continues the process and keeps bringing the preclear back
 to analytical moments and suddenly the somatics will turn off again. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul lock}{\f0 , }{\b\f0 chain}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 analytical }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 validity:***}{\f0  the state, quality or fact of being valid (well-grounded on principles or evidence) in law or in argument, proof, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Valium:}{\f0  trademark for a drug called diazepam, a tranquilizer that relaxes muscles and prevents or inhibits convulsions. It is addictive and is often prescribed by doctors or psychiatrists to \ldblquote relieve\rdblquote  anxiety or tension. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Vallejo:}{\f0  General Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo: (1808 - 90) soldier and pioneer in California. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Valley Forge:}{\f0  a village in southeastern Pennsylvania. It was named after an iron forge located on Valley Creek and was the scene of Washington's winter encampment (1777 - 1778). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }{\b\f0 valley of death:}{\f0  reference to the Twenty-third Psalm of the Bible (\ldblquote The Lord is my shepherd\rdblquote ). Figuratively, the \ldblquote valley of the shadow of death\rdblquote 
 stands for the perils of life, from which God protects believers. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Valley of the Dead:}{\f0  reference to the}{\f0\ul  Valley of the Kings,}{\f0  a cemetery located in ancient Thebes which contains the tombs of many Egyptian Pharaohs. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valuable final product:}{\f0  (abbreviated }{\f0\ul VFP}{\f0 
) something that can be exchanged with other activities in return for support. The support usually adds up to food, clothing, shelter, money, tolerance and cooperation (goodwill). The actual precise definition of a VFP is that it must be valuable (can be 
exchanged elsewhere outside the area for something in return), final (does not need any further care or attent
ion and is actually out of the shop totally) and product (something that was actually produced). A VFP is of course usually an object or a thing. It is something that can be counted. A thought or idea can become a VFP only if it emerges in concrete form i
n the physical universe and it can be exchanged only if you can carry it over and hand it to somebody and he can give you something back for it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Life Orientation Course Glossary,}{\f0  May 90
\par }{\b\f0 valuable final products:***}{\f0  (abbreviated }{\f0\ul VFPs}{\f0 ) things that can be exch
anged with other activities in return for support. The support usually adds up to food, clothing, shelter, money, tolerance and cooperation (goodwill). The actual precise definition of a VFP is that it must be valuable (can be exchanged elsewhere outside 
the area for something in return), final (does not need any further care or attention and is actually out of the shop totally) and product (something that was actually produced). A VFP is of course usually an object or a thing. It is something that can be
 counted. A thought or idea can become a VFP only if it emerges in concrete form in the physical universe and it can be exchanged only if you can carry it over and hand it to somebody and he can give you something back for it. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 values:}{\f0  standards or principles considered valuable or important in life. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 valve:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (electronics) }{\f0 a vacuum tube or electron tube. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 27}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 valve:}{\f0 ***}{\f0\ul  (music)}{\f0  of or pertaining to a device for changing the length of the air column to alter the pitch of a tone (in musical wind instruments of the trumpet class). }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul tone}{\f0 
 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 valves:}{\f0  the devices in the engine of a car which allow the fuel and air to go into the cylinder (intake valve) and waste gases to leave the cylinder (exhaust valve).  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul valves:}{\f0  the devices in the engine of a car which allow the fuel and air to go into the cylinder (intake valve) and waste gases to leave the cylinder (exhaust valve). \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)

\par }{\b\f0 Vandals: }{\f0 
members of a Germanic people who, in the fourth and fifth centuries, ravaged Gaul (ancient area, including what is now mainly France, Belgium and northern Italy), Spain, North Africa and Rome, destroying many books and works of art. \'d1}{\f0\ul 
Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Vandals: }{\f0 members of a Germanic people who, in the fourth and fifth centuries, ravaged Gaul (ancient area, includ
ing what is now mainly France, Belgium and northern Italy), Spain, North Africa and Rome, destroying many books and works of art.  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul The Five Conditions}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Van der Dobin:}{\f0  a made-up name for a painter. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vandyke beard:}{\f0  a pointed beard, such as those frequently shown in Vandyke's portraits (Anton Vandyke [1599 - 1641], Flemish painter). \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 van Eyck:}{\f0  a family name of two famous Flemish painters of the fourteenth and fifteenth centur
ies. Hubert van Eyck (died 1426) was known for his church art. Jan van Eyck (died 1441) was renowned for his jewel-like Madonnas and portrait panels. Their works had a characteristic perfection and transparent glow. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 van Gogh:}{\f0  a painting by Vincent van Gogh (1853 - 1890), Dutch painter whose work, though virtually unknown during his lifetime, is now highly regarded. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vanguards: }{\f0 satellite-launching rockets made in the US at the time of this lecture.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vanity:}{\f0  excessive pride in one's appearance, qualities, abilities, achievements, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Van Loon, Hendrick:}{\f0 
 (1882 - 1944) Dutch-American historian and biographer. He wrote an enormously successful series of books, illustrated by himself, which aimed to explain the world and its complexities both to children and to mystified adults. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 14}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 van Niekerk, Paul:}{\f0  a Scientologist in South Africa at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vanquish:}{\f0  overcome. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vanquish:}{\f0  overcome. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vanquished:}{\f0  the defeated. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 5\'d1Clearing Procedure}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vantage point:}{\f0  position which allows a clear and broad view, understanding, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }{\b\f0 Van Vogt:}{\f0  A.E. Van Vogt (1912 - ), science fiction author who was involved in squirreling Dianetics. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vapid: }{\f0 uninteresting; lifeless; dull. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vaporings:}{\f0  instances or occurrences of vapor, a gaseous form of any substance which is usually a liquid or a solid. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 variable: }{\b\f0\ul (Math)}{\f0  a quantity that may have a number of different values.  \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 variable: }{\b\f0\ul (mathematics)}{\f0  a quantity that may have a number of different values. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 variables:}{\f0  things that may or do vary. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 variety store:}{\f0  a retail store that sells a wide variety of relatively small and inexpensive items. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vascular system: }{\f0 the system consisting of the vessels for conveying blood within the body. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vaseline:}{\f0  a brand name for a petroleum jelly product.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Vaseline:}{\f0 *** }{\f0\ul (trademark)}{\f0  a soft, greasy substance used as an ointment or lubricant, obtained from petroleum. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 vas poozled:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  was puzzled. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 20}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vassar:}{\f0  a private college in Poughkeepsie, New York, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Vassar:}{\f0  a private college in Poughkeepsie, New York, USA. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 vast:}{\f0  very great in size, extent, amount, degree, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Narconon, Learning Improvement Course Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vast:***}{\f0  very great in size, extent, amount, degree, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 Vatican:}{\f0  the independent state within the borders of Rome, where the Roman Catholic Church has its headquarters. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vatican:}{\f0  the independent state within the borders of Rome, where the Roman Catholic Church has its headquarters. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vatican:}{\f0  the independent state within the borders of Rome, where the Roman Catholic Church has its headquarters. \emdash }{\f0\ul Genus of Dianetics and Scientology}{\f0  Approved 22.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 Vaticanism:}{\f0  the doctrine, school or theory of the }{\f0\ul Vatican,}{\f0  the independent state within the borders of Rome, where the Roman Catholic Church has its headquarters. Used humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 vaudeville: }{\f0 theatrical entertainment consisting of a number of individual performances, acts or mixed numbers, as by comedians, singers, dancers, acrobats and magicians. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)

\par }{\b\f0 VD:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul v}{\f0 enereal }{\f0\ul d}{\f0 isease; any disease transmitted by sexual contact. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ve: }{\b\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  we. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ve: }{\b\f0\ul (dialect) }{\f0 we. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Veblen, Thorstein:}{\f0  (1857 - 1929) US economist, sociologist and author of a number of books, including }{\f0\ul Theory of the Leisure Class}{\f0  (1899). \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 vector:}{\f0  a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vector: }{\f0 a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul vector: }{\f0 a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0\ul vector: }{\f0 a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vector:}{\f0  a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vector:}{\f0  a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vector: }{\f0 a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vector:}{\f0  a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vector: }{\f0 a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vector: }{\f0 a physical quantity with both magnitude and direction, such as a force or velocity. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 vector:}{\f0  the particular course followed or to be followed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Edited from Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0  (5th ACC Glossary Part 1) Final approval 2.12.89
\par }{\b\f0 vector formulas:}{\f0  formulas dealing with vectors (physical quantities with both magnitude and direction, such as force or velocity). \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Veda:}{\f0  one of the oldest scriptures of Hinduism; a religious hymn which is about the earliest known material or knowledge here on Earth in the form of data. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Veda:}{\f0  one of the oldest scriptures of Hinduism; a religious hymn which is about the earliest known material or knowledge here on Earth in the form of data. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Veda:}{\f0  one of the oldest scriptures of Hinduism; a religious hymn which is about the earliest known material or knowledge here on Earth in the form of data. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  unpublished Appr GLS (19.3.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Veda:}{\f0  one of the oldest scriptures of Hinduism; a religious hymn which is about the earliest known material or knowledge here on Earth in the form of data. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Veda:}{\f0 
 the collective designation of the ancient sacred literature of India or of the individual books belonging to that literature. The principle examples of this voluminous religious collection, the whole of which comprises more than one hundred books, are th
e Rig-Veda, the Yajur-Veda, the Sama-Veda and the Atharva-Veda. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Rig-Veda, Yajur-Veda, Sama-Veda and Atharva-Veda}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Veda:}{\f0 *** the most ancient sacred writings of the Hindus. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Veda:}{\f0  the most ancient sacred writings of the Hindus. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Vedic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to the Aryans (an ancient, light-skinned people) who invaded India and settled there around 1500 b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Vedic:}{\f0  of or pertaining to the Aryans (proper name used for themselves by the Hindus and other speakers of Indo-Iranian languages) who settled in India around 1500 b.c. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vedic:}{\f0  of or relating to the Veda, the most ancient sacred writings of the Hindus. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Vedic hymn:}{\f0 *** one of the oldest scriptures of Hinduism; a religious hymn which is about the earliest known material or knowledge here on Earth in the form of data. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990

\par }{\b\f0 Vedic Hymns:}{\f0  the oldest scriptures of Hinduism; religious hymns which are about the earliest known material or knowledge here on Earth in the form of data. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Vedic hymns:}{\f0  the oldest scriptures of Hinduism; religious hymns which are about the earliest known material or knowledge here on Earth in the form of data. \emdash }{\f0\ul Melbourne Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary (2.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 vegetabalize:}{\f0  become inactive, inert, dull, uneventful. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vehement:}{\f0  acting or moving with great force; violent; impetuous. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul veintiuno:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (Spanish)}{\f0  twenty-first. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 veldt:}{\f0  the open plains of South Africa, having grass and bushes but very few trees. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 velocity:}{\f0  rapidity of motion or operation; swiftness; speed.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-2}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 velocity:}{\f0  rapidity of motion or operation; swiftness; speed.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 25.4.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 venal:}{\f0  characterized by bribery or corruption. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0 
 Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 vending machines:}{\f0  coin-operated machines for selling certain kinds of articles, refreshments, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 veneer:}{\f0  any attractive but superficial appearance or display.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 Venice:}{\f0  a historic and picturesque port city in northeastern Italy, located on the Adriatic Sea. The city is built on 118 islets, is traversed by 160 canals
 and is only a few feet above sea level. The tourist trade is one of Venice's principal sources of income. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ventriloquist:}{\f0  a person who practices ventriloquism, the art or practice of speaking so that the voice seems to come from some source other than the speaker. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 ventriloquist:}{\f0  a person who practices ventriloquism, the art or practice of speaking so that the voice seems to come from some source other than the speaker. \emdash compiled from }{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0 
 (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Venus:}{\f0  the sixth largest planet and most brilliant in the solar system, second in distance from the sun. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 1 Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Venus:}{\f0  the sixth largest planet and most brilliant in the solar system, second in distance from the sun. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Venus:}{\f0  the sixth largest planet and most brilliant in the solar system, second in distance from the sun. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Venusian:}{\f0  of the planet Venus. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 verbal data:}{\f0  }{\b\f0 ***}{\f0 advice or information on Dianetics or Scientology materials given verbally to another without directly referring to and showing the actual HCO Bulletin, HCO Policy, LRH tape or film. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
TR 7, Upper Indoc TRs Film Glossary}{\f0  - Approved 14-11-90
\par }{\b\f0\ul verbal data:}{\f0  advice or information on Dianetics or Scientology materials given verbally to another without directly referring to and showing the actual HCO Bulletin, HCO Policy, LRH tape or film. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
A Talk On a Basic Qual}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 verbal data:}{\f0  advice or information on Dianetics or Scientology materials given verbally to another without directly referring to and showing the actual HCO Bulletin, HCO Policy, LRH tape or film. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-7}{\f0 
 Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 verbal data:***}{\f0  advice or information on Dianetics or Scientology materials given verbally to another without directly referring to and showing the actual HCO Bulletin, HCO Policy, LRH tape or film. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR7 Film Glossary}{\f0 
 (app. 15 Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 verbal data:}{\f0  data given on }{\f0\ul Dianetics }{\f0 or }{\f0\ul Scientology }{\f0 technology without reference to the actual LRH materials. \emdash }{\f0\ul Talk on a Basic Qual Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 16.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 verbal tech:}{\f0 
 the act of giving out data which is contrary to HCO Bulletins or Policy Letters, or obstructing their use or application, corrupting their intent, altering their content in any way, interpreting them verbally or otherwise for another, or pretending to qu
ote them without showing the actual issue. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 verbal tech:}{\f0 
 the act of giving out data which is contrary to HCO Bulletins or Policy Letters, or obstructing their use or application, corrupting their intent, altering their content in any way, interpreting them verbally or otherwise for another, or pretending to qu
ote them without showing the actual issue. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR 4 Film}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 verbiage:}{\f0  manner or style of expressing something in words. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 verbiage:}{\f0  the use of more words than are needed to be clear; wordiness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 verbiage:}{\f0  the use of more words than are needed to be clear; wordiness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 verbose:}{\f0  using or containing too many words; wordy; long-winded. \'d1}{\f0\ul How To Live Though an Executive.}{\f0  Final approval 31.10.89
\par }{\b\f0 verboten: }{\b\f0\ul (German)}{\f0  forbidden; prohibited. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Verboten, Hans:}{\f0  a made-up name for a painter. }{\f0\ul Verboten }{\f0 means \ldblquote forbidden\rdblquote  in German. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul verdammt:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (German informal) }{\f0 damned. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 verge:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (British)}{\f0  a grassy border, as along a road. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Way to Happiness Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 verily:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (archaic)}{\f0  in very truth; truly. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 verily:}{\f0 *** in truth; really; indeed. \emdash }{\f0\ul Art Book Glossary}{\f0  (Appr. 15 Mar. 91)
\par }{\b\f0 veritable:}{\f0  having all the qualities or attributes of the specified person or thing. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 verminous:}{\f0  infested with small, objectionable parasites such as fleas, lice, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Versailles:}{\f0 
 a city in northern France, about 10 miles southwest of Paris. It was here that the treaty that officially ended World War I was signed. This treaty required Germany to give up land and much of its army and navy and to pay extensive reparations for damage
s to civilians in the war. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Versailles:}{\f0  reference to the }{\f0\ul Treaty of Versailles,}{\f0  the treaty that officially ended World War I, signed 
at the Palace of Versailles in France. The leading figures at the treaty negotiations were Premier Georges Clemenceau of France, Prime Minister David Lloyd George of Britain and President Woodrow Wilson of the United States. The treaty required Germany to
 give up land and much of its army and navy and to pay extensive reparations for damages to civilians in the war. German discontent over the terms of the Treaty of Versailles led to the outbreak of World War II. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 5}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vertigo: }{\f0 a dizzying sensation of tilting within stable surroundings or of being in tilting or spinning surroundings. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 verve:}{\f0  vigor and energy, as in movement, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Problems of Work Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 verve:}{\f0  vigor and energy, as in movement, portrayal, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Man's Relentless Search (Final approval circa 15.11.89)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Vervordt, Dr.: }{\f0 a made-up name for a doctor. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vessel:}{\f0  something regarded as a holder or receiver of something, especially something nonmaterial. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vestal virgin:}{\f0  in ancient Rome, any of the virgin priestesses who tended the sacred fire in the temple of Vesta (goddess of the hearth). \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 vestal virgin:}{\f0  in ancient Rome, any of the virgin priestesses who tended the sacred fire in the temple of Vesta (goddess of the hearth). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vestal virgin:}{\f0  in ancient Rome, any of the virgin priestesses who tended the sacred fire in the temple of Vesta (goddess of the hearth). \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vested:}{\f0  protected or established by law, commitment, tradition, ownership, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul 2D Tapes Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 22 Mar 90
\par }{\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0  an interest in something that may be lost by change. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0 
 a special interest in an existing system, arrangement or institution for particular personal reasons. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0 
 a special interest in an existing system, arrangement or institution for particular personal reasons. \emdash }{\f0\ul Promotion and Registration}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0  a special interest in an existing system, arrangement or institution for particular personal reasons. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul vested interest:}{\f0  a special interest in an existing system, arrangement or institution for particular personal reasons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0  a special interest in an existing system, arrangement or institution for particular personal reasons.  \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul vested interest:}{\f0  a special interest in an existing system, arrangement or institution for particular personal reasons. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0  close involvement in promoting personal advantage. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 25.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0  close involvement in promoting personal advantage. \emdash }{\f0\ul Project Third Dynamic}{\f0  Approved 21.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0  close involvement in promoting personal advantage, usually at the expense of others. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Second College Edition}{\f0  (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 vested interest:}{\f0  persons or groups, etc., who benefit the most from existing business or financial systems. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Anatomy of the Human Mind}{\f0  Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vested interests:}{\f0  persons or groups, etc., who benefit the most from existing business or financial systems. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Vesuvius:}{\f0  an active volcano in southeastern Italy. Its earliest recorded eruption in a.d. 79 buried three Roman cities. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 12}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vesuvius:}{\f0  an active volcano in the south of Italy. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Vesuvius, Mount:}{\f0  an active volcano in southeastern Italy. Its earliest recorded eruption in a.d. 79 buried three Roman cities. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 veterans:}{\f0  persons who have served in the armed forces of a country, especially during a time of war. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 vetted:}{\f0  appraised, verified, or checked for accuracy, authenticity, validity, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Estos Instant Hat, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vetted:}{\f0  appraised, verified or checked for accuracy, authenticity, validity, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 VFP:***}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Valuable Final Product.}{\f0  Something that can be exchanged with other activities in return for support. The support usually adds 
up to food, clothing, shelter, money, tolerance and cooperation (goodwill). The actual precise definition of a VFP is that it must be valuable (can be exchanged elsewhere outside the area for something in return), final (does not need any further care or 
attention and is actually out of the shop totally) and product (something that was actually produced). A VFP is of course usually an object or a thing. It is something that can be counted. A thought or idea can become a VFP only if it emerges in concrete 
form in the physical universe and it can be exchanged only if you can carry it over and hand it to somebody and he can give you something back for it. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 vhen: }{\b\f0\ul (dialect)}{\f0  when. \emdash }{\f0\ul FEBC - PR Becomes a Subject}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 VI:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Grade VI}{\f0 , a stage of Release where the pc has taken the locks off the reactive mind. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0 reactive mind }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 locks}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul 
The Lowest Levels}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 via:}{\f0  a relay point in a communication line. Enough vias make a stop. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 via:}{\f0  a relay point in a communication line. Enough vias make a stop. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 via:}{\f0  a relay point in a communication line. Enough vias make a stop. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress Film #2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 via:}{\f0  a relay point in a communication line. To talk via a body, to get energy via eating, alike are communication byroutes. Enough vias make a stop. A stop is made out of vias. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 via:}{\f0  a route that goes through, along or over. Also, a }{\f0\ul via}{\f0  means a relay point in a communication line. Enough vias make a stop. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 vias:}{\f0 *** relay points in a communication line. Enough vias make a stop. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 vias:}{\f0  relay points in a communication line. Enough vias make a stop.  \emdash }{\f0\ul TRs and Objs Crs Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 25.4.90
\par }{\b\f0 vias:}{\f0  relay points in a communication line. To talk via a body, to get energy via eating, alike are communication by-routes. Enough vias make a stop. A stop is made out of vias. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0 
 Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0\ul vias:}{\f0  routes that go through, along or over. Also, a }{\f0\ul via}{\f0  means a relay point in a communication line. Enough vias make a stop. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Therapeutic TR Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul vias:}{\f0  routes that go through, along or over. Also, a }{\f0\ul via}{\f0  means a relay point in a communication line. Enough vias make a stop. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Communication and Perception Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vicarious:}{\f0  shared in or experienced by imagined participation in another's experience. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vice:}{\f0  immoral conduct; corrupt, wicked, perverted or degrading behavior. --}{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 vice-admiral:}{\f0  a naval officer next in rank below an admiral. \emdash }{\f0\ul 5th ACC Vol 2 Glossary (Final Approval 7/12/89), Random House Dictionary Second Edition}{\f0  
\par }{\b\f0 vices:}{\f0  evil or wicked actions, habits or characteristics. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 vice squad:}{\f0  a police squad charged with enforcing laws dealing with gambling, prostitution and other forms of vice. --}{\f0\ul Random House College Dictionary.}{\f0  (Miracles Glossary) Final approval 10.11.89
\par }{\b\f0 vicissitudes:}{\f0  changes in circumstances or fortune. \emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 vicissitudes:}{\f0  changes in circumstances or fortune. \emdash }{\f0\ul Individuation}{\f0  Approved 26.2.91
\par }{\b\f0 vicissitudes:}{\f0  unpredictable changes or variations that keep occurring in life, fortune, etc.; shifting circumstances; ups and downs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 vicissitudes:}{\f0  unpredictable changes or variations that keep occurring in life, fortune, etc.; shifting circumstances; ups and downs. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress No. 1\'d1The Fact of Clearing}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vicksburg, Siege of:}{\f0 
 one of the principal battles of the American Civil War from 14 May 1863 - 4 July 1863. Vicksburg is a large port on the Mississippi River in the state of Mississippi. In April 1863, Union gunboats and supply ships ran past the Confederate gun batteries i
n the dead of night and established a base 
on the river below the city. Vicksburg was attacked and held under siege until 4 July, when the city surrendered. As it was the last great Confederate stronghold on the Mississippi River, the Siege of Vicksburg was a major victory for the Union. }{\f0\ul 
See also }{\b\f0\ul Confederate }{\f0 and }{\b\f0 Union}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 victim:}{\f0  an unwilling and unknowing effect of life, matter, energy, space and time. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Differences Between Scn and Other Studies.}{\f0  Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 victor:}{\f0  the winner in a battle, struggle, etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Webster's New World Dictionary}{\f0  (Scientology and Ability Glossary) Final approval 18/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Victoria:}{\f0 
 a state in Australia where a government investigation regarding Scientology occurred in the early 1960s, based on false reports sent to the government by vested interests (persons or groups, etc., who benefit the most from existing business or financial 
systems), questioning the religious status of Scientology and restricting its practice. This was finally cleared up and a formal apology was received by the Church from the government of Victoria. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Ron's Journal 67}{\f0 
 Approved April 1991
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 Victoria:}{\f0 
 a state in Australia where a government investigation regarding Scientology occurred in the early 1960s, based on false reports sent to the government by vested interests (persons or groups, etc., who benefit the most from existing business or financial 
systems), questioning the religious status of Scientology and restricting its practice. This was finally cleared up and a formal apology was received by the Church from the government of Victoria. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Victoria:}{\f0  a state in southeastern Australia. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization and Ethics}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Victorian:}{\f0  of or having to do with the reign or time of Queen Victoria of England (1837 - 1901). \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Victorian:}{\f0  of that period of English history which occurred during the rule of Queen Victoria (1837 - 1901). It was characterized as very respectable and religious in a formal way, whereas people during this time per
iod often only pretended to be good and pure (especially in matters of sex).  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Victorian:}{\f0 
 of that period of English history which occurred during the rule of Queen Victoria (1837 - 1901). It was characterized as very respectable and religious in a formal way, whereas people during this time period often only pretended to be good and pure (esp
ecially in matters of sex). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 32}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Victorian:}{\f0  of that period of English history which occurred during the 
rule of Queen Victoria (1837 - 1901). It was characterized as very respectable and religious in a formal way, whereas people during this time period often only pretended to be good and pure (especially in matters of sex). \emdash }{\f0\ul NVRD}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Victorian age:}{\f0 
 that period of English history which occurred during the rule of Queen Victoria (1837 - 1901). It was characterized as very respectable and religious in a formal way that sometimes only pretended to be good and pure (especially in matters of sex). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Victorian age:}{\f0 
 that period of English history which occurred during the rule of Queen Victoria (1837 - 1901). It was characterized as very respectable and religious in a formal way that sometimes only pretended to be good and pure (especially in matters of sex). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Victorian era:}{\f0  that period of English history which occurred during the rule of Queen Victoria (1837 - 1901). It was characterized as very respectable and religiou
s in a formal way that sometimes only pretended to be good and pure (especially in matters of sex). \'d1}{\f0\ul Study Glossary}{\f0  (Story of Dianetics and Scientology Glossary) Final approval circa 1/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 Victorian hat:}{\f0 
 a type of headdress worn by women during the 1930s and 1940s which reflected those of the Victorian era (1837 - 1901, the reign of Queen Victoria in England). This was composed of a net worn over the hair, often having a small hat attached. Also called a
 }{\f0\ul Queen Victoria hat.}{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Victorian period:}{\f0 
 that time period when Victoria was queen of England, from 1837 to 1901. It is known in England as a time of industrial progress, colonial expansion and public fastidiousness in morals. The Victorian period in the United States had many of the same charac
teristics. \emdash }{\f0\ul 3rd South African}{\f0  published appr gls (14.4.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Vienna:}{\f0  capital of Austria, an important military and commercial center. Freud and Adler have been associated with it's name. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Freud}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Adler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets 
of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Vienna:}{\f0  capital of Austria, an important military and commercial center. Freud studied and taught there. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Freud}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vienna:}{\f0  capital of Austria, an important military and commercial center. Sigmund Freud and Alfred Adler both lived and practiced in Vienna. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  }{\b\f0 Freud}{\f0  and }{\b\f0 Adler}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{
\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vienna:}{\f0  capital of Austria, an important military and commercial center. The development of psychoanalysis and psychiatry has been associated with its name. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Freud }{\f0 in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
SHSBC Binder 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vienna:}{\f0  the capital of Austria. The development of psychoanalysis and psychiatry has been associated with its name. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Vienna:}{\f0  the capital of Austria. The development of psychoanalysis and psychiatry has been associated with its name. \emdash }{\f0\ul NED}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Viennese:}{\f0  characteristic of Vienna. }{\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Vienna}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0  (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 Viennese:}{\f0  of Vienna. }{\f0\ul See }{\b\f0\ul Vienna}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Viet Cong:}{\f0  a guerilla force led from Hanoi (capital of North Vietnam), which sought to overthrow the South Vietnamese government (1954 - 1975).  \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Organization}{\f0  App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0\ul Viet Cong:}{\f0  a guerrilla force led from Hanoi (capital of North Vietnam), which sought to overthrow the South Vietnamese government (1954 - 1975).  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vietnam: }{\f0 a country in Southeast Asia; divided into North Vietnam and South Vietnam during the Vietnam War, but now reunified. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Vietnam:}{\f0 
 a country in Southeast Asia; the site of the Vietnam War, in which the United States fought in the 1960s and 1970s. The war was waged from 1954 to 1975 between communist North Vietnam and noncommunist South Vietnam. The involvement of the United States i
n the war was extremely controversial, and reports of atrocities committed by both sides disturbed many Americans. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vietnam:}{\f0 
 a country in Southeast Asia; the site of the Vietnam War, in which the United States fought in the 1960s and 1970s. The war was waged from 1954 to 1975 between communist North Vietnam and noncommunist South Vietnam. The involvement of the United States i
n the war was extremely controversial, and reports of atrocities committed by both sides disturbed many Americans. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vietnam:}{\f0  a country in Southeast Asia; the site of
 the Vietnam War, in which the United States fought in the 1960s and 1970s. The war was waged from 1954 to 1975 between communist North Vietnam and noncommunist South Vietnam. The involvement of the United States in the war was extremely controversial, an
d reports of atrocities committed by both sides disturbed many Americans. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Vietnam:}{\f0  a country in Southeast Asia; the site of the Vietnam War, in which the United States fought in the 1960s and 1970s. The war was w
aged from 1954 to 1975 between communist North Vietnam and noncommunist South Vietnam. The involvement of the United States in the war was extremely controversial, and reports of atrocities committed by both sides disturbed many Americans. \emdash }{
\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul Vietnam:}{\f0 
 a country in Southeast Asia; the site of the Vietnam War, in which the United States fought in the 1960s and 1970s. The war was waged from 1954 to 1975 between communist North Vietnam and noncommunist South Vietnam. The involvement of t
he United States in the war was extremely controversial, and reports of atrocities committed by both sides disturbed many Americans. \emdash }{\f0\ul Grad V}{\f0  Approved 1992 Glossary Upgrade
\par }{\b\f0 Vietnamese War:}{\f0  a war that took place in the country of Vietnam in Southeast Asia, in which the United States fought in the 1960s and 1970s. The war was waged from 1954 to 1975 between communist North Vietnam and noncommunist South Vietnam. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul ESTO - Handling Personnel, Part I}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 viewpoint:}{\f0  a point from which to view. Any being is a viewpoint; he is as much a being as he is able to assume viewpoints. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 viewpoint:}{\f0  a point from which to view. Any being is a viewpoint; he is as much a being as he is able to assume viewpoints. \emdash }{\f0\ul Knowingness (Quotes Bk II) Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul viewpoint:}{\f0  a point from which to view. Any being is a viewpoint; he is as much a being as he is able to assume viewpoints. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul viewpoint:***}{\f0  a point from which to view. Any being is a viewpoint; he is as much a being as he is able to assume viewpoints. \emdash }{\f0\ul Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 viewpoint:}{\f0  a point from which to view. The first consideration of a thetan in creation is the assumption of a viewpoint from which to view that to be created. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 8-8008 Glossary}{\f0  Final approval c. 3 Mar 1990

\par }{\b\f0 viewpoint:}{\f0  a point of awareness from which one can perceive. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Viewpoint Straightwire:}{\f0  a process to increase the preclear's ability to tolerate views. }{\f0\ul See also}{\f0  the section on }{\b\f0 R2 - 25}{\f0  in this book. \emdash }{\f0\ul Creation of Human Ability Glossary }{\f0 (app 10.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vignette:}{\f0  a short description or character sketch. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level IV Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vignette:}{\f0  a short description or character sketch. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 vignette:}{\f0  a short verbal description.\emdash }{\f0\ul HSSC Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 Vigo:}{\f0  a seaport in northwestern Spain on the Atlantic Ocean. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vigorous:}{\f0  powerful in action or effect. \'d1}{\f0\ul Random House 2nd Unabridged Dictionary.}{\f0  (Operation Manual for the Mind) Final approval 15/11/89
\par }{\b\f0 vilified:}{\f0  spoken evilly about; slandered. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 vilify:}{\f0  speak ill of; defame; slander. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90

\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 villain of the piece:}{\b\f0\ul  (informal)}{\f0 
 the person or thing that is guilty of or responsible for something bad or harmful. The phrase is taken from the theater, where it means the evil character in a play. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #9, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 villainy:}{\f0  the actions or conduct of a villain (a person guilty of or likely to commit great crimes); outrageous wickedness. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Personal Values and Integrity Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vim:}{\f0  lively or energetic spirit; enthusiasm. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote vimenk\rdblquote :}{\f0  a humorous pronunciation of \ldblquote women.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vindicate:}{\f0  uphold or justify by argument or evidence. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vinegar: }{\b\f0\ul (informal) }{\f0 vigor; high spirits; vim. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 22}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vin rouge:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French)}{\f0  red wine. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vinyl:}{\f0  any of various plastics, typically tough, flexible and shiny, often used for coverings and clothing. \emdash }{\f0\ul Cleaning Course Glossary}{\f0  (Approved August 1990)
\par }{\b\f0 VIP:}{\f0  very important person. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 viral: }{\f0 of or caused by a }{\f0\ul virus: }{\f0 a form of matter smaller than any of the bacteria, that can multiply in living cells and cause disease in animals or plants (smallpox, measles, the flu, etc., are caused by viruses). \emdash }{
\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Virginia:}{\f0  an auditor at the time of the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 18}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Virginia:}{\f0  a state in the eastern United States, on the Atlantic coast: part of the historical South. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Virginia: }{\f0 a state in the eastern United States on the Atlantic coast. \emdash }{\f0\ul HEV}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 viridian:}{\f0  a bluish-green color. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 9}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 viridian with envy: }{\f0 a variation of }{\f0\ul green with envy,}{\f0  meaning very jealous. }{\f0\ul Viridian }{\f0 is a bluish-green color. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 virtually:***}{\f0  for the most part; almost wholly; just about. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0 virtue, lady of easy:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (slang)}{\f0  a prostitute. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 virtues:}{\f0  good or admirable qualities or properties. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 virulent: }{\f0 highly infectious. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 virus:}{\f0  a microscopic agent that can reproduce only within the cells of living hosts\'d1mainly bacteria, plants and animals. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vis-a-vis:}{\f0  face to face. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vis-a-vis:}{\f0  face to face. \emdash }{\f0\ul Welcome to the SO Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 2-Mar-90
\par }{\b\f0 Vishnu:}{\f0  the second member of the Hindu trinity, though worshipped by many Hindus as the supreme deity. He is usually represented as four-armed and carrying a club, a shell, a discus and a lotus; a bow and sword are slung at his side. 
\emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul visio:}{\f0  (1) a thing seen. (2) the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 visio:}{\f0  a thing seen or the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul PTS-SP}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 visio:}{\f0  a thing seen or the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul State of Man Congress}{\f0  Approved Gls (14.5.92)
\par }{\b\f0 visio:}{\f0  a thing seen or the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 visio:}{\f0  a thing seen or the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul Games Congress Gls}{\f0  (Approved 13.8.92)
\par }{\b\f0\ul visio:}{\f0  having to do with seeing a past sight with the \ldblquote mind's eye.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul HDA Tapes (Oakland Lectures) Approved Glossary (16.4.92)}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 visio:}{\f0  recall by seeing a past sight with the \ldblquote mind's eye.\rdblquote  \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 visio:}{\f0  the perception of light waves. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 visio: }{\f0 the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul Science of Survival Glossary}{\f0  (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 visio: }{\f0 the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 visio:}{\f0  the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul visio:}{\f0  the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 visio: }{\f0 the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul visio:}{\f0  the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 visio:}{\f0  the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul visio: }{\f0 the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul visio: }{\f0 the recall of something seen, so that it is seen again in the mind in full color, scale, dimension, brightness and detail. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 visionaries:}{\f0  persons given to extremely bold, highly speculative or impractical ideas or schemes; dreamers. \emdash }{\f0\ul Fundamentals of Thought Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 5.2.90
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0\ul Visit to Heaven:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven,}{\f0  a story written by Mark Twain in 1907. }{
\f0\ul See also}{\b\f0\ul  Twain, Mark}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 vista:}{\f0  a comprehensive awareness of a series of remembered, present or anticipated events. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 vis-\'e0-vis:}{\f0  face to face. \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #6, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vis-\'e0-vis:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (French)}{\f0  face to face. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 26}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vitals:}{\f0  the essential parts of anything, indispensable for its existence, continuance, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Dianetics 55! Glossary}{\f0  (app 9.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin A:}{\f0  a vitamin important in bone growth, healthy skin, sexual function and reproduction. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin A:}{\f0  a vitamin important in bone growth, healthy skin, sexual function and reproduction. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin B}{\b\f0\dn6 1:}{\f0  a vitamin, also called thiamine, important to the body in the functions of cell oxidation (respiration), growth, carbohydrate metabolism, stimulation and transmission of nerve impulses, etc.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{
\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin B}{\b\f0\dn6 2:}{\f0  also called riboflavin, a vitamin important in the metabolism of protein and in skin, liver and eye health. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin B}{\b\f0\dn6 6:}{\f0  a vitamin, also called pyridoxine, important as an enzyme activator in protein, carbohydrate and fat metabolism, hormone production (adrenalin and insulin) and antibody production.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin B}{\b\f0\dn6 12:}{\f0  a vitamin important to red blood cell formation, nervous system health, normal growth, carbohydrate metabolism and fertility.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin B complex:}{\f0  an important group of water-soluble vitamins found in liver, yeast, etc., including vitamin B}{\f0\dn6 1}{\f0 , vitamin B}{\f0\dn6 2}{\f0  and niacin.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin C:}{\f0  also called ascorbic acid; a colorless, crystalline, water-soluble vitamin, found in many foods, especially citrus fruits, vegetables and rose hips and also made synthetically; it is required for proper nutrition and metabolism.}{
\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin D:}{\f0  a vitamin which is important in bone health and growth, calcium metabolism, nerve health and regulation of heartbeat.}{\f0\ul  }{\f0  \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitamin E:}{\f0  a vitamin important in keeping oxygen from combining with waste products to form toxic compounds, and in red blood cell health. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vitiated:}{\f0  debased; corrupted; perverted.\emdash }{\f0\ul Child Dianetics Glossary }{\f0 (app 12.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vitriol:}{\f0  oil of vitriol (also called sulfuric acid) which burns deeply and leaves very bad scars. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul vitriol:}{\f0  oil of vitriol (also called sulfuric acid) which burns deeply and leaves very bad scars. Referred to humorously in this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vitriol:}{\f0  sharpness or bitterness of feeling as in speech or writing. From oil of vitriol (also called sulfuric acid) which burns deeply and leaves very bad scars. \emdash }{\f0\ul Secrets of the Mest Universe Glossary}{\f0 
 (approved 26-9-90)
\par }{\b\f0 vitriolic acid:}{\f0  concentrated sulfuric acid: an oily, colorless liquid that is a strong acid and is used in making explosives, fertilizers, chemicals, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vivandiere:}{\f0  a person who supplies food or other provisions to troops in the field. \emdash OT 6 - }{\f0\ul Rudiments, Valences}{\f0  Approved April 1991
\par }{\b\f0 vivandiere:}{\f0  a person who supplies food or other provisions to troops in the field. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 4}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vivisecting:}{\f0  cutting into or dissecting. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vivisection: }{\f0 medical research consisting of surgical operations or other experiments performed on living animals to study the structure and function of living organs and parts, and to investigate the effects of diseases and therapy. \emdash 
}{\f0\ul New Slant on Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 28.1.90
\par }{\b\f0 Vixie:}{\f0  a pet dog, kept aboard the flagship at the time of the lecture.  \emdash }{\f0\ul Class VIII #14, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 Vixie: }{\f0 the name of the Hubbard family's pet dog at the time of this lecture. \emdash OEC - }{\f0\ul Awareness Levels }{\f0 App Mar 91
\par }{\b\f0 Vixie: }{\f0 the name of the Hubbard family's pet dog at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 29}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Vixie: }{\f0 the name of the Hubbard family's pet dog at the time of this lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 VMI:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul Virginia Military Institute,}{\f0 
 a state-supported military school for men in Lexington, Virginia. The students at Virginia Military Institute are called cadets. They live in barracks, wear military uniforms and adhere to a disciplinary system similar to that of the United States Milita
ry Academy. VMI's graduates have played an active part in every war since its founding in 1839. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vocational:}{\f0  designating or of education, training, etc., intended to prepare one for an occupation, sometimes specifically in a trade. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Dynamics of Life Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 30.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 vocotyper:}{\f0  a machine which receives speech and converts it to type. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level III Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vocotyper:}{\f0  a machine which receives speech and converts it to type. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 25}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vogue:}{\f0  popular currency, acceptance or favor; popularity. \'d1}{\f0\ul Money Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 vogue:}{\f0  popular favor or acceptance. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Changing Conditions in Life Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 vogue:}{\f0  something in fashion, as at a particular time. \'d1}{\f0\ul All About Radiation Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 27.9.89
\par }{\b\f0 voice-actuated tape recorder:}{\f0 
 a tape recorder which is operationally responsive to the human voice (e.g., when someone is speaking in its vicinity, it goes into action and begins recording; when the person stops speaking, the machine stops recording). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Class VIII #15, Approved November 1990}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 void:}{\f0  an empty space; emptiness. \'d1}{\f0\ul The Hope of Man Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 16/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 volatile: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  changing rapidly from one mood or interest to another. \emdash }{\f0\ul Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0 volatile:}{\f0  moving suddenly and often from one idea, interest, feeling, etc., to another; changeable. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 volition:}{\f0  decision or choice. \emdash }{\f0\ul Intro to Scn Ethics Glossary }{\f0 (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 volition:}{\f0  decision or choice. \emdash }{\f0\ul Narconon, Overcoming Ups and Downs Course Approved Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 volition: }{\f0 the power or capability of choosing; will. \'d1}{\f0\ul Formulas For Success Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval 16/9/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 volition: }{\f0 use of one's own will in choosing or making a decision etc. \'d1}{\f0\ul Oxford American Dictionary}{\f0 
 (Health and Certainty) Final approval 4/11/89
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 volitional:}{\f0  by decision or choice. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 volitional:}{\f0  of or having to do with the use of one's own will in choosing or making a decision, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul Scientology 0-8 Glossary }{\f0 (app 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 Volkswagen:}{\b\f0\ul  }{\f0 a small, German-built automobile which in the decade following World War II and continuing to the 1970s, was one of the most popular cars of all times. Used humorously as a play on words in connection with }{\f0\ul 
Jungvolk. See also }{\b\f0\ul Jungvolk}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 volley:}{\f0  bullets, arrows, etc., shot from a number of guns or other weapons at the same time. \emdash }{\f0\ul Freedom Congress Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0 volley: }{\b\f0\ul (figurative)}{\f0  a noisy, rapid outpouring or burst of many things at once. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Volney:}{\f0  Volney Mathison, an ear
ly Dianeticist who, after listening to a lecture by LRH outlining the equipment and circuits necessary to detect mental charge, built the first E-Meter in 1951, the Model B. There were various other models of E-Meters built by Mathison which were used by 
auditors. The E-Series in 1954 was his last model as his meters had become too complex to be workable. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Volney:}{\f0  Volney Mathison, an early Dianeticist who, after listening to a lecture by LRH outlining the equipment and circuit
s necessary to detect mental charge, built the first E-Meter in 1951, the Model B. There were various other models of E-Meters built by Mathison which were used by auditors. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Volney:}{\f0 
 Volney Mathison, an early Dianeticist who, after listening to a lecture by LRH outlining the equipment and circuits necessary to detect mental charge, built the first E-Meter in 1951, the Model B. There were various other models of E-Meters built by Math
ison which were used by auditors. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Volstead Act:}{\f0  a law passed by the United States Congress in 1920 to implement the Prohibition (the outlawing of alcoholic beverages from 1920 to 1933). \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 volt:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (electricity) }{\f0 a unit for measuring the force of an electric current. For example, an electric coffee pot operates on 115 volts. \emdash }{\f0\ul TR-9}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 volt:}{\f0  }{\f0\ul (electricity) }{\f0 a unit for measuring the force of an electric current. For example, an electric coffeepot operates on 115 volts. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 8}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 voltage:}{\f0  a measure of the electrical \ldblquote pressure\rdblquote  with which current flows through a wire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 voltage:}{\f0  a measure of the electrical \ldblquote pressure\rdblquote  with which current flows through a wire. \emdash }{\f0\ul History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 voltage:}{\f0  a measure of the electrical \ldblquote pressure\rdblquote  with which current flows through a wire. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 3}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 voltage:}{\f0  a measure of the electrical \ldblquote pressure\rdblquote  with which current flows through a wire. Used figuratively in the lecture. \emdash }{\f0\ul FPRD Glossary,}{\f0  Aug 90
\par }{\b\f0 voltage:}{\f0  measure of the electrical \ldblquote pressure\rdblquote  with which current flows through a wire. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-4}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Voltaire:}{\f0  assumed name of Fran\'e7
ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition. He believed that men could agree about two or 
three points that they can understand, but they can only argue to no purpose about two or three thousand that they can never understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 28}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Voltaire:}{\f0  assumed name of Fran\'e7
ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition. He eventually fled from a number of countries,
 to avoid arrest, due to the controversiality of his works. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 33}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Voltaire:}{\f0  assumed name of Fran\'e7ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition.\emdash }{\f0\ul 
HSSC Glossary,}{\f0  Sept 90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Voltaire:}{\f0  assumed name of Fran\'e7
ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition. He believed that men could agree about two or 
three points that they can understand, but they can only argue to no purpose about two or three thousand that they can never understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clearing Congress #3: The Freedoms of Clear}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Voltaire:}{\f0  assumed name of Fran\'e7
ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition. He believed that men could agree about two or 
three points that they can understand, but they could only argue to no purpose about two or three thousand that they can never understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC 2}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul Voltaire:}{\f0  assumed name of Fran\'e7
ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition. He was imprisoned in the Bastille for his sati
rical verses against certain noblemen. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul Bastille}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Voltaire:}{\f0 *** assumed name of Fran\'e7ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Academy Level I Glossary}{\f0  - Approved November 1990
\par }{\b\f0 Voltaire:***}{\f0  assumed name of Fran\'e7ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition. \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Quotes Book Glossary }{\f0 (app. Nov 1990)
\par }{\b\f0\ul Voltaire:}{\f0  assumed name of Fran\'e7ois Marie Arouet (1694 - 1778), French author and philosopher
 who believed in freedom of thought and respect for all men, and who spoke out against intolerance, tyranny and superstition. He believed that men can agree about two or three points that they can understand, but they can only argue to no purpose about tw
o or three thousand that they can never understand. \emdash }{\f0\ul Perception of Truth}{\f0  Approved Glossary (9 June 92)
\par }{\b\f0 Voltaire: (Fran\'e7ois Marie Arouet) }{\f0 (1694 - 1778) French philosopher, historian and writer. \emdash }{\f0\ul Have You Lived Before This Life? Glossary.}{\f0  Final approval circa 19/9/89
\par }{\b\f0 volte-face:}{\f0  an about-face; reversal of judgment, belief or policy. \emdash }{\f0\ul Academy Level II Glossary}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0\ul volte-vis:}{\f0  a variation of the French term }{\f0\ul volte-face,}{\f0  meaning a complete reversal of opinion, attitude, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 7}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 volte-vis:}{\f0  a variation of the French term }{\f0\ul volte-face,}{\f0  meaning a complete reversal of opinion, attitude, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 6}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul volte-vis:}{\f0  a variation of the French term }{\f0\ul volte-face,}{\f0  meaning a complete reversal of opinion, attitude, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 13}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul volte-vis:}{\f0  a variation of the French term }{\f0\ul volte-face,}{\f0  meaning a complete reversal of opinion, attitude, etc.  \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 15}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul volte-vis:}{\f0  a variation of the French term }{\f0\ul volte-face,}{\f0  meaning a complete reversal of opinion, attitude, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 30}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0\ul volte-vis:}{\f0  a variation of the French term }{\f0\ul volte-face,}{\f0  meaning a complete reversal of opinion, attitude, etc. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 31}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 voltmeter:}{\f0  an instrument for measuring voltage. \emdash }{\f0\ul EM-3}{\f0  Approved Film Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 voltmeters:}{\f0  instruments for measuring }{\f0\ul voltage,}{\f0  the electrical \ldblquote pressure\rdblquote  with which current flows through a wire. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990

\par }{\b\f0 volts meters:}{\f0  instruments for measuring }{\f0\ul voltage,}{\f0  the electrical \ldblquote pressure\rdblquote  with which current flows through a wire. \emdash }{\f0\ul 9th ACC Volume 1}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 Volume 0:***}{\f0  the basic staff volume of the Organization Executive Course Volumes. It tells how an org operates and gives the basic information necessary to a staff member to operate properly as one.}{\f0\ul  See also }{\b\f0\ul OEC}{\f0 
 and }{\b\f0 Org Exec Course Volumes}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Staff Status II Glossary,}{\f0  Approved late Sept. 1990
\par }{\b\f0 voluminous:***}{\f0  of great volume, size or extent. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Basic Study Manual Glossary}{\f0  Approved Oct. 90
\par }{\b\f0\ul Volunteer Minister's Handbook, The:}{\f0  a practical how-to-do book by L. Ron Hubbard which gives a person the basic knowledge on how to help self and others through the rough spots in life. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vomica:}{\f0  eject, vomit. \emdash }{\f0\ul SHSBC Binder 23}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 von Braun:}{\f0 
 Wernher von Braun (1912 - 1977), German-American rocket engineer. He was technical director (1937 - 1945) of the German rocket research center at Peenemuende, where the V-2 rocket and other weapons were developed. In 1945, von Braun and many members of h
is team were brought to the US, where he worked on guided missiles for the army. }{\f0\ul See also }{\b\f0\ul V-2}{\f0  in this glossary. \emdash }{\f0\ul Ability Congress}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 voodoo:}{\f0  a form of religion based on belief in witchcraft and magical rites
, practiced by some people in the West Indies and America. \emdash }{\f0\ul DMSMH Glossary}{\f0  (app. 14.7.90)
\par }\pard \fi-720\li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\adjustright {\b\f0 voodoo:}{\f0 
 a primitive religion based on a belief in magic, witchcraft and charms, that began in Africa and is still practiced, chiefly by natives of the West Indies (a large group of islands between North America and South America).  \emdash }{\f0\ul 
Self Analysis Glossary}{\f0  Final approval 12.3.90
\par }{\b\f0\ul voodoo:}{\f0  a primitive religion based on a belief in magic, witchcraft and charms, that began in Africa and is still practiced, chiefly by natives of the West Indies (a large group of islands between North America and South America). 
\emdash }{\f0\ul PDC Volume 5}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 voodooism:}{\f0  the system of voodoo beliefs and practices. }{\f0\ul Voodoo}{\f0 
 is a primitive religion based on a belief in magic, witchcraft and charms, that began in Africa and is still practiced, chiefly by natives of the West Indies (a large group of islands between North America and South America). \emdash }{\f0\ul 
History of Man Glossary }{\f0 (app. 11.7.90)
\par }{\b\f0 vox populi: }{\b\f0\ul (Latin)}{\f0  literally, \ldblquote the voice of the people;\rdblquote  expressed general opinion; common talk or rumor. \emdash }{\f0\ul The Evolution of a Science Glossary}{\f0  Final Approval early March 1990
\par }{\b\f0 VTs:}{\f0  abbreviation for }{\f0\ul v}{\f0 ital }{\f0\ul t}{\f0 argets, targets that must be done to operate at all. \emdash }{\f0\ul Mission School 3rd Class}{\f0  Approved Glossary
\par }{\b\f0 vying: }{\f0 competing; contending. \emdash }{\f0\ul Clear Body, Clear Mind: The Effective Purification Program}{\f0 
\par }{\b\f0 walk:}{\f0  to leave, as when dismissed from a job. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0  Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }{\b\f0 Washington:}{\f0  short for }{\f0\ul Washington, DC: }{\f0 the capital of the United States. DC is an abbreviation for }{\f0\ul D}{\f0 istrict of }{\f0\ul C}{\f0 
olumbia which is a federal district that occupies the same area as Washington, DC and is under the control of the federal government directly rather than being a part of any of the states. \emdash }{\f0\ul Conquest of Chaos}{\f0 
 Approved Glossary (8.7.92)
\par }\pard \li806\ri763\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }}