{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1049{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f78\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f79\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f81\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f82\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f83\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\lang1049\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\fs20\lang1049\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 endnote text;}}{\info{\title AAV SERIES 10}{\author \'d7\'f3\'ea \'e8 \'c3\'e5\'ea}{\operator \'d7\'f3\'ea \'e8 \'c3\'e5\'ea}
{\creatim\yr1999\mo5\dy5\hr15\min52}{\revtim\yr1999\mo5\dy5\hr15\min52}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords411}{\nofchars2348}{\*\company \'c4\'ee\'ec}{\nofcharsws2883}{\vern89}}\paperw11880\paperh16820\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\sprstsp\otblrul\brkfrm\sprstsm\truncex\nolead\msmcap\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale95\viewzk2 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\lang1049\cgrid {\b AAV SERIES 10
\par }\pard \qc\widctlpar\adjustright {\b 
\par TIPS ON REPAIRING PAST AUDITING
\par }\pard \qc\widctlpar\adjustright {\b 
\par }\pard \qc\widctlpar\adjustright {\b JANUARY 1984
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {Many examples could be given which show how a case can be messed up by running unreading Dianetic items, wrong items or by going past erasure. Going past erasure will jump a guy into the chain 
of a BT or cluster who has been dead for a long time. BTs and clusters will unknowingly mock up the incident they're stuck in (or the incident the PreOT is intending them to mock up). Needless to say, this is not ideal. This is the bug one can run into on
 AAV.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
The early steps of the rundown take up these possible errors, although at any point in the rundown when a PreOT bogs, the auditor should suspect that he's run into some more BPC on past auditing to be handled. It may be an obvious area of auditing or
 an auditor that the PreOT has brought up throughout his auditing, or it may require a reassessment of all the auditors the PreOT has had. Usually it is handled simply by asking the PreOT if "an error in earlier auditing has been restimulated?"
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
On the action of repairing past auditing, during the beginning program steps, interest is checked. The reason for this is that PreOT (or pc) interest is an indicator that charge is available and can and should be handled. By checking PreOT interest in the
 auditing action, the auditor can avoid over-repairing.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par The steps for handling the repair of past auditing are:
\par 
\par A.What was being run?
\par 
\par B.What was the error (BPC) in the auditing? (or use the appropriate correction list to find it)
\par 
\par C.Indicate the by-passed charge.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {D.Check to see if the BT or cluster that this was run on is still around (as it often will have blown by now), and if so, take the remaining steps to blow it.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par E. Check for any copy.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {You can also check for a "BT or cluster messed up in running_______?" (whatever type of auditing is being addressed.) Then complete steps B through E on what is found.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
You can over-handle past auditing to the point that what you are correcting on one will start uncorrecting on another; that is, BTs will begin to copy errors they didn't have, hence the rule about going by PreOT interest and not continuing on past the poi
nt where the PreOT ceases to be interested in the action being done.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {If, later during the rundown, it becomes evident that there is more BPC to be handled on past auditing, the auditor simply takes up that subject again.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
If one runs into a bog in a session later on in the rundown, first check for any error in the current session and if that doesn't handle the trouble, then check for a restimulated error (or BPC) from an earlier session or earlier auditing and repair that 
using the steps above.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {Although the above may sound like a lot of repair, it makes the auditor's job easier and more effective. These repair actions are usually very easy to do and quite spectacular in result.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par David Mayo
\par 
\par }}